Job Description

Step into the future of trading with RBC Capital Markets! We’re seeking Algorithmic Trading Developers to join our equites trading team on the largest trading floor in Canada. In this role, you will develop high-performance trading algorithms that drive liquidity and manage risk in a fast-paced market. Bring your technical expertise to one of Canada’s leading investment banks and help shape the future of trading.

Global Equities

As a key part of Global Equities, our team is dedicated to advancing and refining equities trading strategies and systems globally. We are widely recognized for our forward-thinking approach and our commitment to fostering both innovative and a collaborative culture within the financial industry.

By joining this team, you will contribute to and spearhead projects with direct, real-world impact on RBC Capital Markets’ daily operations. Our team members bring a diverse set of skills, ranging from creative problem-solving to advanced quantitative modeling, and apply these to enhance and develop cutting-edge trading systems.

Notable achievements include RBC’s patented smart order routing technology, THOR (featured in Michael Lewis’ book Flash Boys), and the creation of Canada’s first artificial intelligence-powered trading network.

What will you do?

• Develop and implement quantitative models that drive market-making activities.

• Design and maintain high-frequency trading systems and infrastructure.

• Build technical solutions that solve business problems and provide scalable, and reliable trading

• You will be given freedom and independence to implement solutions, and will have a strong support network of excellent developers, researchers, and quants to help ensure your solutions are successful in production

What do you need to succeed?

Must Have:

• Post-secondary education in a quantitative field such as Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or Computer Science

• Strong programming skills in C++/Python/Java.

• Knowledge of well-established operating systems such as Unix, Linux, Windows

• Strong analytical and problem solving skills

• Excellent teamwork and communication skills

Nice to Have:

• Understanding of algorithmic trading

What’s in it for you?

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

• Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities

• Ability to make a difference and lasting impact

• Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team

• Opportunities to do challenging work and make a difference

• Opportunities to building close relationships

We thank all interested candidates; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

Job Skills

Additional Job Details

Address:
ROYAL BANK PLAZA, 200 BAY ST:TORONTO
City:
Toronto
Country:
Canada
Work hours/week:
37.5
Employment Type:
Full time
Platform:
CAPITAL MARKETS
Job Type:
Student/Coop (Fixed Term)
Pay Type:
Salaried
Posted Date:
2026-09-14
Application Deadline:
2026-10-01
Note: Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Pay Range

The expected pay range for this position is:
$60,000.00 - $100,000.00

The pay range provided is for the primary work location referenced in the Additional Job Details section of this job posting. RBC supports pay transparency and we strive to ensure all pay ranges and competitive, fair, and equitable. Your actual pay is determined by a number of factors, including your experience, skills and education.

Our Employment Opportunities

At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com .

RBC is presently inviting candidates to apply for this existing vacancy. Applying to this posting allows you to express your interest in this current career opportunity at RBC. Qualified applicants may be contacted to review their resume in more detail.