ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario CA Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in an on-site role as the hiring team will require the student to work in the Markham office throughout the entire duration of the co-op work term. Duration: May 2027 to August 2028 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking highly motivated Thermal/Mechanical Test Engineer co-op to join our team. In this role – Thermal validation support of dGPU products and bring-up systems, characterization of products for thermals, mechanical, acoustic, and electrical/power specifications. Work with internal teams to carry out testing and validation to meet or beat project schedules and resolve issues. Analyze any test and/or field failures and support internal design teams to find the root cause of any thermal/mechanical/acoustic related issues. Lab management including calibration and maintenance of all test equipment. Work with outside test facilities to complete acoustic and mechanical testing, as necessary. Lab equipment procurement: stay up to date on the latest computer technologies and continually update lab equipment to meet industry standards. Continual improvement of test methods and procedures for better efficiency and reliability. Lab testing automation: develop and maintain automation scripts and tools that assist in running validation tests. Data analysis: work with the team to develop databases and reports that simplify test and production data analysis. WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: A Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering Good understanding of the fundamentals of heat transfer and fluid mechanics. Lab skills: building computer systems, component instrumentation, test management, and data acquisition. Data analysis: the ability to work with and analyze large sets of data to extract useful conclusions. Experience working with Power BI, Tableau, and SQL databases to build reports. Experience in scripting/programming languages, especially Ruby and Python. Test Automation: the ability to review equipment documentation and generate tools that automate their operation. Good written and oral communication skills Enthusiastic – willing to learn new skills, and put in extra effort when needed to do so. Fast learner, proactive, able to set priorities and work independently Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.