Primary Office Location:
626 Washington Place. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 15219.

Join our team. Make a difference - for us and for your future.

No corporate housing or sponsorship are offered for internship opportunities.

Application Deadline: October 17, 2026.

Internship Overview/Summary:

The purpose of this internship is to give a college student the opportunity to rotate through all aspects of the Accounting team at FNB. This would include exposure to the financial reporting, accounting operations, tax accounting, accounting policy and SOX internal control teams.

In the role of Accounting Intern, you have the opportunity to apply your knowledge of accounting and business to real world scenarios. Throughout this experience you will gain practical, challenging and meaningful on-the-job work experience as a banking professional with an organization who is continuously recognized as a Top Workplace and Best Place to Work.

Internship Duties and Responsibilities:

•
Contribute to month-end financial reporting deliverables including financial close packets, 10-q drafts, earnings release drafts, investor and committee presentation materials, call reports

•
Prepare daily reconciliations; perform accounts payable processing; prepare lease and fixed asset accounting support

•
Familiarize yourself with FNB’s accounting systems and processes

•
Assist with the preparation of FNB’s tax returns and Schedule M-3

•
Update existing accounting policies and perform accounting research tasks as needed

•
Assist with administering SOX 302 certifications and perform ad hoc SOX tasks such as updating existing SOX controls, documenting new SOX controls, and assessing potential internal control issues

•
Participate and attend FNB related events/trainings that are scheduled for all Summer Interns

Position Title: Intern
Business Unit: Multiple
Reports To: Varies Based on Assignment

Position Overview:
As an intern at F.N.B., you have the opportunity to experience daily what you learned in your finance or economics classes, see how banks work satisfying the needs of businesses and consumers, enhance leadership skills working with high-performing executives, learn the skills that differentiates F.N.B in the marketplace, understand interest rates and other key financial drivers, acquire credit skills key to portfolio health and learn complex regulatory compliance issues and more. Possible positions include key support areas such as Finance, Marketing, HR, Project Mgmt. and Accounting.

Primary Responsibilities:
Learn aggressively: Be open to new ideas and concepts, ask questions and be intellectually curious. Opportunities are based on assigned department, possible examples include organizational structures, business etiquette, interpersonal/conflict resolution/sales/negotiation skills, industry information, products and services and functional responsibilities for various Bank departments.

Analyze: Improve the quality of decision making by doing appropriate and thorough analysis. Potential examples are based on the department assigned but can include pricing decisions, financial analysis, qualitative analysis, credit risk mitigation, identifying borrowing needs, project timelines and marketing plans.

Communicate well: Deliver information in a clear, logical and effective manner. Convey information both in writing and orally. Flex style to effectively communicate in one-on-one, small group and large-group settings. Possible examples include business meetings, sales calls, training sessions, email communication and conference calls.

Display Teamwork: Work well with others to achieve group goals. Willing to leverage the experiences of members to generate improved results and maximum performance. Lead and follow with effectiveness. Willing to voice dissent and ask difficult questions. Listen, to learn. Examples include department or Intern projects.

Get Results: Be accountable, responsible for the output of one's effort. Willing to manage risk while pursuing innovative solutions or techniques. Flexible to change course to improve outcomes and results. Understand the criticalness of quality-output. Meet deadlines, getting things done on time and under budget. Possible examples will be numerous in virtually every department in the Bank.

Compliance/Integrity: Understand and follow all company policies and procedures. Meet all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Complete required trainings and course work in a satisfactory manner and on time.

Complete project assignments in conjunction with rotations and work with appropriate oversight to complete. Learn to accomplish objectives by developing and prioritizing actions steps and establishing and communicating the work plan to the appropriate participants.

Performs other related duties and projects as assigned.

All employees have the responsibility and the accountability to serve as risk managers for their businesses by understanding, reporting, responding to, managing and monitoring the risk they encounter daily as required by F.N.B. Corporation’s risk management program. F.N.B. Corporation is committed to achieving superior levels of compliance by adhering to regulatory laws and guidelines. Compliance with regulatory laws and company procedures is a required component of all position descriptions.

Minimum Education:
High School or GED

Minimum Years Experience:
0

Special Skills:
Needs to be officially enrolled in an undergraduate bachelor program with a major in areas such as Finance, Accounting, Marketing or Information Technology

Special Licenses and Certificates:
N/A

Physical Requirements:
N/A

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):

It is the policy of F.N.B. Corporation (FNB) and its affiliates not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other category protected by law. It is also the policy of FNB and its affiliates to employ and advance in employment all persons regardless of their status as individuals with disabilities or veterans, and to base all employment decisions only on valid job requirements. FNB provides all applicants and employees a discrimination and harassment free workplace.

FNB will not provide sponsorship for employment-based visas for this position; only candidates who are legally authorized to work in the U.S. will be considered.