Overview

Working at Atlassian Atlassians have the flexibility to work where they can collaborate most effectively with their team, whether at home, one of our global offices, or both. We hire in any country where we have a legal entity. Learn how we work at go.atlassian.com/distributed.

Your Future Org

Atlassian’s Intern program combines hands-on technical training, professional growth opportunities, dedicated mentorship, and strong social connections. This holistic approach empowers students to hit the ground running and sets them up for a successful and impactful career at Atlassian!

This role is located in the Seattle hub location. You must be willing and able to work out of this hub location to qualify.

This position is not eligible for F1 and J1 students. It is not available for any work sponsorship.

Our paid internship program runs for 12 weeks between May/June - August/September 2027.

Your Future Team

Atlassian is searching for a Research Intern to join our AI Research Systems (AIRS) team within the overall Research and Insights (R&I) org. The mission of the AIRS team is to power AI-native ways of working for researchers and to use AI to deliver insights to cross-functional partners in Product, Design, Strategy, and Engineering. You will have the opportunity to contribute build tools and create experiences that make research faster and extends the reach of our insights within the organization. Our team is defining the ways of wo

Responsibilities

Responsibilities

•
Report to a Research Manager and contribute AI tools, pipelines, and systems for the R&I team.

•
Conduct a research project with existing AI tooling.

Minimum Qualifications

•
Able to commit to a 12 week full-time (40hrs/week) program during Summer 2027

•
Currently enrolled full-time in a program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship, graduating by August 2028

Preferred Qualifications

•
You will have experience building tools or apps with AI using tools like Claude Code or Codex in a professional context, classroom context, or personal/hobby project.

•
You will have an understanding of the the workflow and steps of the research process, from planning and recruiting to reporting and archiving.

•
You will have a background in qualitative (and some quantitative) UX research methods. We will look for your knowledge of when, why, and how to apply these methods.

•
You will be proficient in data management and data analysis. We hope to see engaging techniques for sharing research insights.

Compensation

Compensation

At Atlassian, we strive to design equitable, explainable, and competitive compensation programs. To support this goal, the baseline of our range is higher than that of the typical market range, but in turn we expect to hire most candidates near this baseline. Base pay within the range is ultimately determined by a candidate's skills, expertise, or experience.

Pay Ranges

In The United States , we have three geographic pay zones. For this role, our current base pay ranges for new hires in each zone are:

Zone A : $48 - $55

Zone B : $44 - $49

Zone C : $40 - $45

Qualifications

This role may also be eligible for benefits, bonuses, commissions, and equity.

Please visit go.atlassian.com/payzones for more information on which locations are included in each of our geographic pay zones. However, please confirm the zone for your specific location with your recruiter.

Benefits and Perks Atlassian offers a wide range of perks and benefits designed to support you, your family and to help you engage with your local community. Our offerings include health and wellbeing resources, paid volunteer days, and so much more. To learn more, visit {"type":"inlineCard","attrs":{"url":"https://www.atlassian.com/company/careers/earlycareers","localId":null,"data":null}}.

About Atlassian At Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team. Our software products help teams all over the planet and our solutions are designed for all types of work. Team collaboration through our tools makes what may be impossible alone, possible together.

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

To provide you the best experience, we can support with accommodations or adjustments at any stage of the recruitment process. Simply inform our Recruitment team during your conversation with them.

To learn more about our culture and hiring process, visit go.atlassian.com/crh .