Description Are you interested in applying and expanding your knowledge to the development of autonomous systems that operate in real-world, operationally challenging environments? Do you have a passion for using your skills to design, build, and test mission-relevant autonomy with immediate impact? If you are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics, and enjoy tackling complex problems, you may be a great fit for our team. We are seeking talented individuals in any of the previously mentioned fields to help us design low-size, weight, and power (SWaP) autonomous systems to address the nation’s immediate needs within the intelligence and special operations community. As a team that develops these entire systems from end-to-end, we have a range of technical focuses that need support. These range from the hardware to the software, including fabrication, circuit design, FPGA work, embedded development, perception and decision-making algorithms. As an Engineering Intern in the Tailored Autonomous Systems Group, you may: Work with a small, interdisciplinary team to design, implement, and test software and/or hardware for robotic and autonomous systems, including simulation and real-world deployment. Support the development of autonomy and AI/ML algorithms, including perception, navigation, and platform behaviors, through brainstorming, prototyping, implementation, and optimization. Support testing, evaluation, and debugging of autonomy algorithms in lab, simulation, and field environments. Qualifications You will meet our minimum requirements if you: Are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have demonstrated the ability to work both independently and as part of a multidisciplinary team and possess strong interpersonal, speaking, and technical writing skills. Demonstrated passion for continuous learning and problem-solving, as shown through active involvement in school assignments, personal projects, or extracurricular activities that reflect a strong interest in exploring new concepts or technologies. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you have any of the following: Have software experience developing applications using at least one of the following: C, C++, Rust, Python. Have hardware design experience using at least one of the following: SolidWorks, Autodesk, Ansys, AutoCAD, or MATLAB. Exposure to robotics, autonomy, AI/ML, or algorithm development. Experience with ROS, Linux-based development, simulation environments, or GPU acceleration. Knowledge of machine learning, perception, or decision-making algorithms. Interest in working on quick-reaction, mission-driven projects. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly