Description Are you eager to intern with a team tackling some of our Nation’s most compelling security challenges? Do you have a passion for weapon‑system concepts and a drive to apply analytical thinking and systems thinking to strategic deterrence and national defense? Would you like to grow your expertise while helping a team shaping the future of America’s most advanced strategic systems? Do you enjoy working on tough technical problems and learning from seasoned experts while making a tangible impact? If so, we have the perfect opportunity for you! The System Definition & Validation team (KBY) in the Force Projection Sector (FPS) of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (JHU/APL) is seeking motivated analysts, engineers, scientists, mathematicians, statisticians, and systems engineers to fill the role of Weapon System Engineer (Analyst) - Intern. The successful candidate will work on complex, multi‑disciplinary problems alongside senior experts, gaining the experience and mentorship needed to support a future in strategic‑systems analysis. As a Weapons Systems Engineer (Analyst) – Intern for KBY you will… Integrate into multidisciplinary teams that apply a “whole‑of‑system” perspective and systems‑engineering rigor to shape platforms that meet current and future warfighter requirements. Support in‑depth analyses at the system and sub‑system levels, producing data‑driven recommendations that inform design decisions. Develop an understanding of how weapon systems function, are tested, operated, and maintained, and how they fit into broader deterrence concepts. Learn the fundamentals of systems engineering including but not limited to requirements, interfaces, and capabilities. Expand knowledge of weapon systems, associated delivery platforms, and the system‑level engineering processes that support them. Apply models, simulations, and assessment tools under the guidance of senior analysts and engineers. Provide fresh perspectives and analytical rigor, leveraging your technical background to challenge assumptions and contribute innovative ideas. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree program in engineering, computer science, physics, applied mathematics, or a related technical discipline. Demonstrate strong problem‑solving skills, quantitative analysis capabilities, and clear communication of technical concepts both in writing and orally. Have interest in learning systems engineering principles. Show the right attributes for growth – curiosity, adaptability, teamwork, and a drive to develop deep weapon‑system expertise. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret‑level security clearance before your start date and can ultimately obtain a Top Secret clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll exceed our minimum requirements with experience in any of the following... Exposure to weapon‑system concepts (e.g., missiles, bombers, hypersonics, or comparable high‑technology platforms) through internships, or research projects. Experience conducting trade‑studies, requirements analysis, or system‑ / sub-system-level modeling in any engineering domain. Familiarity with high‑fidelity simulation or model‑based systems engineering tools. Have experience or interest in developing and implementing model-based approaches to enhance the design and analysis of complex systems, including but not limited to requirements and architecture development. Have familiarity or experience using systems engineering software, especially Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) tools like Cameo/Magic Draw and Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements System (DOORS). Have used MBSE tools and methods to design, analyze, and optimize systems for definition and validation, including the development of system models, simulation, and trade studies to evaluate system performance. Hold an active security clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly