Boeing Summer 2027 Internship Program (Paid) - Program Management

Company:

Launch your career with Boeing, celebrated by WayUp as a Top 100 Internship Program in the US for 2026! We are seeking motivated, enthusiastic, and innovative students to join our 2027 intern program.

Boeing has shaped the course of human history through aerospace innovations. Today, because of our amazing people and powerful technologies, our products connect the globe, protect freedom, and advance scientific discovery around the world. From the depths of the ocean, to Mars and beyond, we're inspiring the next century of explorers – we invite you to join us on the journey ahead!

As an intern at Boeing, you’ll gain hands-on experience, learn from experts, and collaborate with teams that do truly amazing things. Over the course of our 10-12 week internship experience you will have the opportunity to:

• Work directly with a mentor in your field of study while finding solutions to real world problems
• Experience our products up close by touring our state-of-the-art manufacturing and research facilities
• Interact directly with our company leaders to discuss strategy and the future of Boeing
• Build a lasting professional network through social events and engaging activities
• Gain the skills and knowledge to become a future leader in the aerospace industry

Visit our program website to learn more about the opportunities available:

https://jobs.boeing.com/business-intern-program

Program Management. Program Management provides internship opportunities focused on various aspects of project management. These roles are critical to the successful execution of projects and initiatives across our diverse Business Units, including Commercial Airplanes, Defense, Space and Security, Boeing Global Services, Boeing Capital Corporation, and Corporate. Interns will engage in activities such as project planning, scheduling, risk management, and performance tracking, all of which are essential to delivering high-quality outcomes that connect and protect people around the world.

Some of these positions may be at a Boeing Subsidiary.

Some of these positions are hybrid. This means that the selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options. This is at the hiring team’s discretion and could potentially change in the future.

Some of these positions are expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options.

Some of these positions may r equire the abi lity t o o bt ain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government  requires U.S. Citizenship.

These positions must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

Employer not willing to sponsor applicants for employment visa status.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):

• Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program with an anticipated graduation date on or after August 2027

• Ability to work full-time for 10-12 weeks during the summer

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

• Passion for the aerospace industry and interest and enthusiasm for a career at Boeing

• Academic excellence (GPA of 3.0 or higher)

• Previous business or related internships or work experience and/or involvement with student or civic organizations

• Majoring in one of the following: Supply Chain, Business, Operations, Project Management, Finance, Industrial Engineering, Technical Management, Information Systems, or other related fields

• The ability to telecommute

• The ability to relocate and work onsite

Relocation:

Some of these positions offer relocation based on eligibility.

Drug Free Workplace:

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

NASA Access:
Some of these positions require the ability to obtain access to a National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) facility.

Shift:

These positions are for first shift.

At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.

The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.

The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.

Please note that the information shown below is a general guideline only. Pay is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

Summary pay range: Min: $40,000 – Max: $80,000

Language Requirements:
Not Applicable

Education:
Not Applicable

Relocation:
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Export Control Requirement:

Safety Sensitive:

Security Clearance:
This position does not require a Security Clearance.

Visa Sponsorship:
Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status.

Contingent Upon Award Program
This position is not contingent upon program award

Shift:
Shift 1 (United States of America)

Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website. Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud - Recruitment Fraud Warning

Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

EEO is the law

Boeing EEO Policy

Request an Accommodation

Applicant Privacy

Boeing Participates in E – Verify

• E-Verify (English)

• E-Verify (Spanish)

Right to Work Statement

• Right to Work (English)

• Right to Work (Spanish)