Job Summary
Co-op, Electrical Engineering: January - June 2027 (Hybrid)&#xa;&#xa;
Position Dates: January 11th, 2027 - June 30th, 2027

Assist in the development and testing of the next generation OmniPod System Insulin Pump, a low power battery operated wearable medical device. This position requires an engaged thinker who can independently pursue a variety of tasks in a fast-paced environment.

Those who are methodical and eager to learn will succeed in this role, gaining valuable real-world electrical engineering experience in an innovative medical device company.

Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and document test fixtures and prototype circuit boards
Perform research into practical applications of new technologies
Assist in rapid prototyping of circuit board assemblies
Perform verification testing against written test protocols
Perform data entry and analysis, summarizing results in test reports
Use of oscilloscopes, power supplies, soldering of surface mount components
Performs other duties as required

Education and Experience:

Minimum Requirements:

Pursuing BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Physics (minimum 2-3 years completed)

Preferred Skills and Competencies:

Strong written, verbal, analytical, and interpersonal skills
Working knowledge of Cadence OrCAD (Schematic Capture and PCB Editor), MatLab, or Ansys HFSS is a plus
Experience with Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) is a plus
Demonstrates acceptance of responsibility; shows pride in work performed
Demonstrates flexibility in acceptance of assignments and schedules
Maintains professional behavior and appearance

This position is not eligible for employer-based visa sponsorship. Candidates must have authorization to work in the U.S. without current or future sponsorship needs.

Additional Information:
&#xa;Compensation & Benefits:&#xa;&#xa;For U.S.-based positions only, the annual base salary range for this role is $25.00 - $34.00&#xa;&#xa;This position may also be eligible for incentive compensation.&#xa;&#xa;We offer a comprehensive benefits package, including:&#xa;• Medical insurance&#xa;• Holiday pay&#xa;• Sick time off&#xa;• And additional employee wellness programs&#xa;&#xa;Application Details:&#xa;This job posting will remain open until the position is filled.&#xa;To apply, please visit the Insulet Careers site and submit your application online.&#xa;&#xa;Actual pay depends on skills, experience, and education.

Insulet Corporation (NASDAQ: PODD), headquartered in Massachusetts, is an innovative medical device company dedicated to simplifying life for people with diabetes and other conditions through its Omnipod product platform. The Omnipod Insulin Management System provides a unique alternative to traditional insulin delivery methods. With its simple, wearable design, the tubeless disposable Pod provides up to three days of non-stop insulin delivery, without the need to see or handle a needle. Insulet’s flagship innovation, the Omnipod 5 Automated Insulin Delivery System, integrates with a continuous glucose monitor to manage blood sugar with no multiple daily injections, zero fingersticks, and can be controlled by a compatible personal smartphone in the U.S. or by the Omnipod 5 Controller. Insulet also leverages the unique design of its Pod by tailoring its Omnipod technology platform for the delivery of non-insulin subcutaneous drugs across other therapeutic areas. For more information, please visit insulet.com and omnipod.com.

We are looking for highly motivated, performance-driven individuals to be a part of our expanding team. We do this by hiring amazing people guided by shared values who exceed customer expectations. Our continued success depends on it!

At Insulet Corporation all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

( Know Your Rights )