Description Are you interested in developing new tools and systems for the warfighter of tomorrow while analyzing and supplementing current capabilities? Are you enthusiastic about innovation and making new capabilities a reality? If so, we’re looking for someone like you to join our team at APL! The Mission Engineering Group at JHU/APL is seeking an intern to support critical work in Cybersecurity. Students can apply based on their education and any prior intern experience. Our group develops cutting-edge technologies, architectures, decision aids, and prototypes that empower warfighters to leverage assets in accomplishing missions vital to our nation's defense. This internship position offers unique opportunities for hands-on learning and contribution to impactful projects. Internship Areas and Opportunities: Cybersecurity engineering, analysis, and testing. Development of secure systems and protocols. This internship provides a unique opportunity to contribute to projects that directly impact national defense while gaining valuable experience in your chosen field. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree majoring in Cybersecurity, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or other related engineering fields. Have coursework and/or project experience in any of the sought specialty-areas of software engineering, aritificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML), systems/digital engineering, or decision science. Can demonstrate successful problem solving in a technical area. Have some familiarity and experience with programming languages and methodologies, such as C++ on Linux, JavaScript, Java, Matlab, Python, SysML, OOSEM. Can work effectively in a team environment as well as independently. Completed previous internship/co-op or have other relevant work experience. Can demonstrate effective oral and written communication skills. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Note: When prompted to upload attachments, please include a copy of your college transcripts (unofficial transcripts are acceptable) Are able to obtain an Interim Secret security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly