ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern or co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: San Jose, CA or Santa Clara, CA Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring/Summer Co-op: January 25, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - September 10, 2027 Summer/Fall Co-op: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - December 10, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated Hardware Design Verification Engineering intern/co-op to join our team and work towards design, built, and delivery of AMD’s high-end Machine Intelligence products. In this role you will participate in one or more of (but not limited to) the below assignments – Collaborate with senior engineers and/or designers to build and complete performance verification test plan, simulation test cases and models Write scripts related to tracking and managing compute resources using Perl/Python Test regression flows written in Perl/Python/MySQL/PHP to support our project development Review new tools, processes and options to improve simulation performance, team efficiency and reduction of duplications Support debugging, improving test cases/models and Verilog/system Verilog coding Build test platforms and perform system level testing Production validation tasks, testing the integrated hardware and software functionalities to ensure problem-free production Use software and other tools to engage in low level testing of hardware/software features, debugging technical issues and identifying root cause WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a United States based University in a Bachelor's program majoring in Electrical engineering or Computer engineering or a related field If you have knowledge / experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Programming languages and scripts such as C++ /Python /C /Perl /Shell /UVM Verilog and System Verilog Good understanding of the digital systems and computer organization Building a PC from individual components, installing OS/drivers, basic network configuration, graphic cards CPU/APU System level hardware and software design Development and debugging in Linux / Unix / Windows environments Fundamentals of logic design (FSM, gates, registers, flops, timing, HDL) An understanding of analog and digital transistor device behavior Oscilloscopes, volt meters, logic analyzers, multimeters and other lab equipment Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.