ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD Co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. Job Details: Locations: Austin, TX, Boxborough, MA, Fort Collins, CO, Longmont, CO, Fishkill, NY, Rochester, NY Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring/Summer Co-op: January 15, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - September 10, 2027 Summer/Fall Co-op: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - December 10, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated Machine Learning (ML)/ Artificial Intelligence (AI) intern/co-op to join our team and participate in research and development of next-generation product differentiation features with extraordinary ML/AI engineers. In this role – We will help you learn innovative new technologies in Machine Learning | AI | High Performance Compute We will train you to analyze and implement changes to algorithms to improve AI performance and user experiences We may assign you to one or more of the following project work - Work on machine learning techniques to build applications for source code analysis and Image Corruption Detection Research, development, and deployment in machine learning-based and computer vision products on AMD’s current and future products Fixing and addressing problems with deployed AI to improve user experience Support AI software teams with roadmap planning, collateral development, and customer engagements WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a US based University in a Undergraduate's degree program majoring in computer science, computer engineering, data science / analytics, or a related field If you have knowledge / experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Machine learning, data science, computer vision, statistics, and mathematics Programming in Python, C/C++ Relational (SQL) and no-SQL databases Machine learning algorithms and frameworks Deep learning / AI framework like Pytorch, Tensorflow, Caffe. Familiarity with cloud (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure) Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.