Description Do you like humans? Do you also like machines? Do you wish humans and machines worked better together? If so, we're looking for someone like you to join our Human-Machine Engineering team at APL! We are seeking proactive problem solvers to help us rapidly design, prototype, and implement the next generation of complex Mission-Critical Systems, build robust systems engineering foundations for them, and transform how humans can interact with them. Our multi-disciplinary team consists of algorithm developers, computer scientists, psychologists, systems engineers, human factors engineers and others who seek to reshape the future through end-to-end human systems and performance engineering. With us, you will develop solutions to bridge the gaps in human-machine warfighting teams in information-dense, high-stakes environments to revolutionize and operationalize warfighter-augmenting capabilities. As a member of our team you will: Contribute to the design and development of next-generation mission critical systems while advocating for end users. Prototype solutions and perform systems engineering critical to enabling these systems. Communicate and collaborate within and across teams and departments to learn and work together as we help shape the vision for our country’s future. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a degree in Human Factors, UX/UI, Civil Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Web Development, Game Development, Human-Computer Interaction, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field with a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale Have the ability to work independently and with teams of collaborators. Possess excellent oral and written communication skills. Can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Hold a Bachelor’s Degree or higher in any of the disciplines listed above (or an equivalent field). Have experience with data visualization, and designing, evaluating, and/or researching user experiences, Human-Machine Teaming, or Human-Machine Interaction, including familiarity with wireframing and prototyping tools such as Axure, Sketch, or Figma Have experience with full stack web, game, and/or application development, including familiarity with one or more coding languages, frameworks, or tools such as Unity, Python, C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS/Sass/Less, React, Redux, Angular, Vue, Bootstrap, Material UI, Git, GitLab, Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence), SQL, SQLite, MongoDB, Google Analytics, Docker, etc. Have experience with Model-Based Systems Engineering, including quantitative and/or qualitative analysis, and working with system requirements. Have experience with rapid prototyping, either hardware or software, and with collaborating in team environments focused on quickly developing and testing concepts Hold an Active Secret clearance or above. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly