Location:
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States

Job ID:
R0145672

Date Posted:
2026-09-23

Company Name:
HITACHI RAIL STS USA, INC.

Profession (Job Category):
Administration & Facilities

Job Schedule:
Full time

Remote:
No

About Us

A career at Hitachi Rail will help create a legacy. With operations in every corner of the world, our work goes to the cutting-edge of digital transformation and technology. From the multi-cultural strength of our global organisation to the sustainable and innovative ways we work to bring people together, there’s something for everyone to get stuck into. And that’s where you come in.

Job Description:

Hitachi Rail is looking for an enthusiastic, self-motivated Intern – Network Engineering for Summer 2027. The position is based in Pittsburgh, PA.

At Hitachi Rail , we’re creating a legacy that spans the globe — and we want YOU to be part of it.
What’s in it for you?
✅Real-world projects with top industry talent
✅Paid internship
✅Mentorship and intern events
✅A chance to build your career with a global leader driving digital transformation and innovation

Hitachi Rail provides signaling systems for metros and light rail systems. Our solutions provide efficient, safe and green transportation solutions for people around the world. This position offers you the opportunity to immerse yourself in the dynamic world of urban transit. You will gain hands-on experience while providing valuable support to your team. By working in this role, you will gain insight into the realm of mobility, significantly enhancing your understanding of Hitachi’s missions and impact.

We’re looking for eligible students to join Hitachi Rail! Hiring for May 2027 through August 2027.

A ​​​​​​ccountabilities:

• Support execution of design, configuration, test activities

• Maintain an open action items list and produce effective reporting.

• Configure Cisco equipment (switches routers, radios)

• Configure Networks and Fiber Optic Cabling Systems

• Optimization and testing of Radio, network and fibers.

Required skills/experience:

• Knowledge of networking and/or radio technologies

• Broad knowledge of Switching and Routing protocols

• Broad knowledge of wireless communications

• Ability to use test equipment

• Excellent written and oral communications skills and ability to communicate complex technical information

• Strong relevant technical skills

• Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite.

• Attention to detail and ability to multi-task.

Education:

• Current Engineering student at a 4-year university with a graduation date between December 2027 and December 2028.

Languages:

• Fluent in English, both written and verbal.

Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)-Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information to hrunitedstates@hitachirail.com.

Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to.

Thank you for your interest in Hitachi Rail. If your application is of interest, we will be in contact. Please do not hesitate to discover more about us and our latest jobs at https://www.hitachirail.com/careers .

At Hitachi Rail, there is a place for everyone. We welcome and value differences in background, age, gender, sexuality, family status, disability, race, nationality, ethnicity, religion, and world view. It is our commitment to create an inclusive environment - we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We would be delighted if you would be one of our followers at https://www.linkedin.com/company/hitachirail