Boeing Summer 2027 Internship Program (Paid) - Facilities Engineering

Company:

Job Description

Launch your career with Boeing, celebrated by WayUp as a Top 100 Internship Program in the US for 2026! We are seeking motivated, enthusiastic, and innovative students to join our 2027 intern program.

Boeing has shaped the course of human history through aerospace innovations. Today, because of our amazing people and powerful technologies, our products connect the globe, protect freedom, and advance scientific discovery around the world. From the depths of the ocean, to Mars and beyond, we're inspiring the next century of explorers – we invite you to join us on the journey ahead!

As an intern at Boeing, you’ll gain hands-on experience, learn from experts, and collaborate with teams that do truly amazing things. Over the course of our 10-12 week internship experience you will have the opportunity to:

•
Work directly with a mentor in your field of study while finding solutions to real world problems

•
Experience our products up close by touring our state-of-the-art manufacturing and research facilities

•
Interact directly with our company leaders to discuss strategy and the future of Boeing

•
Build a lasting professional network through social events and engaging activities

•
Gain the skills and knowledge to become a future leader in the aerospace industry

Boeing Global Real Estate and Facilities (GREF) is headquartered in Mesa, Arizona with teams spread across the enterprise.

GREF is responsible for providing the following major services to The Boeing Company:

• Maintenance of Boeing buildings and infrastructure

• Project implementation, including construction services

• Develops engineering designs with customer requirements, building codes and applicable regulations

In addition, GREF establishes delivery models for its services that result in the most efficient and economical solutions for business partners in all Business Units: Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space and Security; Boeing Global Services; and Corporate. By leveraging economies of scale in the services it provides and aggressively pursuing opportunities to streamline and standardize, GREF has a unique opportunity to enable the Business Units' performance and leverage the power of One Boeing.

Specific GREF Engineering internship opportunities include:

• Plant Engineer - Provide engineering support and conducts activities related to short- and long-term infrastructure planning and capital improvement construction projects and maintenance operations. Advise and work with internal and external customers to analyze, design and complete facilities construction projects and maintenance activities. Apply engineering principles and methodology to translate customer requirements into feasible options that meet expectations regarding scope, resources and cost. Plan, manage, and execute projects, which may involve external vendors, in accordance with construction documents as well as applicable regulations, standards, codes and ordinances.

Some of theses positions are hybrid. This means that the selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options. This is at the hiring team’s discretion and could potentially change in the future.

Some of these positions are expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options.

These positions must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. "US Person" includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

Additionally, some positions may require the ability to obtain U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship.

Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skill/Experience):

• Ability to work full-time for 10-12 weeks during Summer 2027

• Currently majoring in a core engineering/applied sciences discipline (Architecture, Civil/Structural, Chemical, Data Engineering, Comp Sci/Engineer, Electrical, Mechanical, Sustainability, Manufacturing, Controls, and Software)

• Other majors for consideration (Mathematics, Physics, or Cybersecurity)

• Enrolled student attending a college or university with an expected graduation date on or after August 2027

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

• Strong academic performance (preferred GPA of 3.0 or above),

• Exceptional organizational and collaboration skills as demonstrated through leadership positions on teams and/or in student or civic organizations

• Strong technical experiences as demonstrated through technical projects, research or engineering internships

• Prior experience with Construction/Facilities, familiarity with Equipment, HVAC, Building Systems, Infrastructure, AutoCAD, and/or Computing Skills

• Exceptional communication skills and interest and enthusiasm related to engineering and a career with Boeing

• Junior or Senior class standing

Relocation:

Some of these positions offer relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Drug Free Workplace:

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

Shift:

These positions are for 1st shift

Union Representation Statement:

These positions are in multiple U.S. locations and may or may not be covered by a collective bargaining agreement. In locations where SPEEA representation applies, this job family will be covered by the terms of the collective bargaining agreement. Applicable and appropriate educational/certifications credentials from an accredited institution and/or equivalent experience is required.

Safety Sensitive Statement:

Some of these positions are safety-sensitive positions and are subject to random drug and alcohol testing.

NASA Access:

Some of these positions require the ability to obtain access to a National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) facility.

At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.

The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.

The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.

Pay is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

Summary pay range: $45,000 – $90,00​0

Language Requirements:
Not Applicable

Education:
Not Applicable

Relocation:
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Export Control Requirement:

Safety Sensitive:

Security Clearance:
This position does not require a Security Clearance.

Visa Sponsorship:
Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status.

Contingent Upon Award Program
This position is not contingent upon program award

Shift:
Shift 1 (United States of America)

Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website. Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud - Recruitment Fraud Warning

Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

EEO is the law

Boeing EEO Policy

Request an Accommodation

Applicant Privacy

Boeing Participates in E – Verify

• E-Verify (English)

• E-Verify (Spanish)

Right to Work Statement

• Right to Work (English)

• Right to Work (Spanish)