ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern/co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Locations: Austin, TX Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Summer Internship: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - September 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a motivated Finance Intern to join our fast-growing finance team at AMD. The key responsibility of this role is to support our team on a process improvement project while learning about AMD Finance. This position will be exposed to a broad view of AMD functions by working directly with a diverse set of partners including Regional Sales Finance, Business Unit Finance, Sales Operations, Corporate Accounting, and more. In this role - Identify potential issues, summarize the facts and background, explore alternatives or resolutions, and suggest a course of action Gather financial data, perform financial analyses, and build meaningful reports Analyze trends within the business and ensure alignment with business and corporate objectives Interact with a wide range of business professionals throughout AMD WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a US based University in a bachelor's program majoring in finance, accounting, business, or data science; preferably graduating within the next year. Familiarity with Microsoft Office Analytical and problem-solving skills Results orientated We encourage our intern to work onsite at our Austin Office to get good exposure to the project work and office atmosphere. Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.