ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern or co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: San Jose, CA or Santa Clara Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring/Summer Co-op: January 25, 2027 – August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Schools: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Schools: June 21, 2027 – September 10, 2027 Summer-Fall Co-op: Semester Schools: May 24, 2027 – December 10, 2027 Quarter Schools: June 21, 2027 – December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated ASIC Package Engineering intern/co-op to join our team and work with our team of engineers in bringing new and advanced packaging technology to reality. In this role – We will have your involvement in supporting Package design and Package Development Engineers in prioritizing and optimizing new projects We will train you to complete substrate, interposer and bump designs for AMD products, test vehicles and probe card substrates We will assign you projects related to design verification implementation to ensure design performance, quality and efficiency Analyzing yield and defect metrics to ensure design performance and help improve the yield will be part of your responsibilities We will encourage you to evaluate, benchmark packaging materials and interact with partners to achieve the most cost-efficient design and materials for the best performance and yield requirements WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a US based University in a Bachelors degree program majoring in Electrical engineering, Engineering Science, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Material Science Engineering, or a related field If you have knowledge or experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Course related to transmission lines and electric circuits Package, silicon or PCB design software Scripting languages – Perl / Python / SQL Semiconductor theory and packaging process/technology. Data analytics and data visualization tools like powerBI Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.