At Constellation, a freshly independent and soon-to-be Fortune 200 company, we're providing the energy and services to transform our future. Combining next generation technologies and product offerings with the country's lowest carbon generating fleet, our company is purpose-built to meet the challenges of the climate crisis. Constellation has been the leader in clean energy production for more than a decade. Now we're speeding delivery of low-carbon or no-carbon power to help families, communities, governments, and businesses meet their sustainability and decarbonization goals. Constellation provides 10 percent of total clean power and 22 percent of clean baseload power in the United States and is the leading competitive retail supplier of energy products, services, and clean energy solutions. The race is on to confront climate change, and no company is more ready to meet that challenge. We are committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion and believe in attracting, retaining, and advancing employees who will best serve and represent our customers, partners, and communities. We provide a workplace that ensures mutual respect, where each individual has the opportunity to grow and contribute at their greatest potential. Constellation will provide you the tools and resources you need to design, build, and power a successful career. Join us as we accelerate the transition to a carbon-free future. Energize your career with Constellation. We are currently seeking highly motivated engineering students for Engineering Internships for 2027 to work in person at our nuclear site, Limerick, in Pottstown, PA. These paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks starting June 7th, 2027 through August 13th, 2027. Interns will work on specific projects, designed to help them gain real-world, hands-on experience working independently under an assigned supervisor and technical mentor. Historically, intern projects have included: Cooling Tower Drone Inspections Nuclear Core Analysis Control Circuit Wiring Design for Feedwater Pump Thermal Overload Calculation for Motor Operated Valves Seismic Monitoring Instrumentation Upgrade Weld Overlays Calculations on Feedwater Heater Hydrogen Electrolyzer Project Enrolled in a Bachelors or Masters Engineer Program for the Fall of 2027 Majors include Electrical, Mechanical, Nuclear, Civil, or Chemical Engineering Minimum GPA: 2.8 Cumulative AND 3.0 Major A track record of outstanding academic performance. Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment. Ability to work creativity and analytically in a problem-solving environment. Excellent leadership, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Constellation will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. You must have the ability to lawfully work in the United States without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.