ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology can change lives for the better. It can heal us, entertain us, and make us more connected, productive, and understanding of the world around us. And we’re looking for talent who feel the same: people who want to leave the planet better than they found it, those who don’t shy away from humanity’s challenges but are determined to help solve them. AMD is powering the next generation of supercomputing, high-performance computing, cloud, and AI. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or creating go-to-market plans, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time 37.5 hrs a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Duration: 12 Months: May 03, 2027 to April 23, 2028 16 Months: May 03, 2027 to August 20, 2028 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: The Diagnostics team is responsible for developing tests and suites that exercise and validate the hardware blocks for AMD’s processors. We understand the features that go into the HW design, and we have the software skills to program them to life. Once developed these diagnostics are used in all aspects of the product lifecycle, from presilicon verification through the production life of the product. In this role, you will gain software and hardware knowledge through: Design, implement and verify diagnostics tests that are used in processor qualification and production test suites for both internal and external customers Debugging and solving HW and SW problems Analyzing fall out boards to find opportunities to improve test time, effectiveness of tests and its efficiency Resolving customer issues, including investigation and debugging of diagnostics source code using advanced C++ programming at a system level in a Linux environment Assisting in ASIC bring-up and support activities for our latest data center/AI, gaming graphics, and embedded HW products Build and debug automation tools/scripts to assist with the above WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a Canada based University into a Bachelor's degree program majoring in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering or a related field If you have knowledge / experience with one or more (but not limited to) of the following technical skills and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Good knowledge and experience in software programming (C++, scripting) Familiarity with PC/system, GPU and CPU hardware architectures Experience with software development and debugging in Linux Source control systems (GIT, SVN, etc.) Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.