What You'll Do Our Technology & Engineering internship program offers opportunities for 100+ interns and has a strong reputation with over 20 years of history. You’ll work on real projects collaborating with a range of team members from other interns through senior level management. We'll place you in a role customized to your expertise and interests all while working in an Agile team environment. You'll be assigned a formal leader and mentor to help guide you through the program. This is an excellent opportunity to understand and learn more about Principal’s Technology Engineering culture. Operating at the intersection of financial services and technology, Principal builds financial tools that help our customers live better lives. We take pride in being a purpose-led firm, motivated by our mission to make financial security accessible to all. Our mission, integrity, and customer focus have made us a trusted leader for more than 140 years. As an Information Security Engineer Intern, team alignment could be within one of the following areas Cyber Defense Operations Serves as the front line of cyber defense by monitoring, detecting, investigating, and responding to potential security threats and vulnerabilities across Principal’s networks, systems, and applications. Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) Partners with business and technology teams to establish security policies, standards, and controls. This team helps identify, assess, and manage information security risks while providing insight into the organization’s overall risk posture. Identity and Access Management Designs, implements, and supports enterprise identity, authentication, and access management solutions that help ensure users have secure and appropriate access to company resources. Insider Risk Monitors and analyzes user activity to identify potential insider threats, policy violations, and risky behaviors. The team works to strengthen prevention, detection, investigation, and response capabilities to protect the organization from internal risks. Data Protection Safeguards sensitive information by implementing controls and technologies that help ensure data is securely stored, accessed, shared, and transmitted across the organization. Security Automation Develops and maintains automated solutions that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of security operations. The team leverages automation, orchestration, and integrations to streamline workflows and reduce manual effort Who You Are Currently pursuing or have completed an undergraduate degree program - in a preferred science, technology, engineering, or math-related field of study Involvement in student organizations on your respective campus, within the community, or have prior internship experience Exceptional communication and organizational skills and a strong work ethic Passion for technology including technical curiosity and ability to think critically and solution for technology-based problems Skills That Will Help You Stand Out Interest in and/or experience with information security technologies, tools, and concepts Leadership experience in student, professional, or community organizations Previous IT internship or relevant work experience Proven continuous learning through certifications, training, research, or other non-traditional learning paths Technical experience with: Programming and/or scripting languages Automation tools Cloud platforms and cloud security concepts DevOps or Agile methodologies Cybersecurity frameworks and standards Salary Range Information Salary ranges below reflect targeted base salaries. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation for all roles will be based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Salary Range (Non-Exempt expressed as hourly; Exempt expressed as yearly) $32 - $34 / hour Time Off Program Paid company holidays and any time off required in your state. Pension Eligible No Work Environments This role will be in Des Moines, IA. Individuals in this role are required to work a minimum of 3 days per week in the office. Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $4,000. This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on this stipend as a financial benefit but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Our Internship Culture Join an established program that provides hands-on experiences for 200+ interns each year! You'll learn new skills with dedicated teams and mentors, build your professional network and collaborate across a global Fortune 500 company. We care about offering you diverse experiences and exciting challenges that push you to reach for bigger life goals, all while enjoying our flexibility and work life balance. Join us for events such as our Executive Speaker Series, gain career direction, and much more. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we're not considering applicants that need any type of immigration sponsorship (additional work authorization or permanent work authorization) now or in the future to work in the United States. This includes, but IS NOT LIMITED TO: F1-OPT, F1-CPT, H-1B, TN, L-1, J-1, etc. For additional information around work authorization needs please use the following links. Nonimmigrant Workers and Green Card for Employment-Based Immigrants Investment Code of Ethics For Principal Asset Management positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization. Experience Principal At Principal, we value connecting on both a personal and professional level. Together, we’re imagining a more purpose-led future for financial services – and that starts with you. Our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our interns. Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Posting Window We will accept applications for 3 full days following the Original Posting Date, after which the posting may remain open or be removed based upon applications received. If we choose to post the job again, we will accept additional applications for at least 1 full day following the Most Recently Posted Date. Please submit applications in a timely manner as there is no guarantee the posting will be available beyond the applicable deadline. Original Posting Date 9/9/2026 Most Recently Posted Date 9/14/2026 Principal uses artificial intelligence tools to assist in reviewing and evaluating job applications, fraud prevention, and candidate matching and comparisons. These AI tools support our human recruiters in the initial review process but do not make final hiring decisions without human involvement. By submitting your application, you acknowledge this use of AI in our recruitment process. Please review our Workforce (U.S.) Privacy Notice for more details on our practices and your data privacy rights.