Description Do you love to understand how things work from the inside out? Are you a creative engineer who wants to learn reverse engineering and exploit development? If so, we believe you can make an impact interning with us for the summer! We're looking for motivated and enthusiastic engineers who are excited to dive deep into complex embedded systems, discover vulnerabilities, and build offensive cyber capabilities that solve national security challenges. Our interns work on real problems alongside world-class experts. If you want the chance to tackle problems that others consider impossible, we’d love to have you join our team at APL! As a member of our group, you will... Be mentored by top experts to learn the art and science of reverse engineering Perform deep investigation of software, firmware, and hardware Collaborate with teammates to develop exploits against embedded systems Gain experience giving technical presentations Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field Have an excellent academic record with knowledge of fundamental topics such as computer architecture, operating systems, and data structures Are skilled with one or more programming languages Love solving puzzles and have experience persevering through technical challenges Are excited to learn new tools, platforms, and programming languages Are able to obtain an Interim Top Secret security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a TS/SCI with polygraph clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information; eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Are pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field Have experience using debuggers and reverse engineering tools such as Ghidra, IDA, and Binary Ninja Participate in hackathons, CTFs, cybersecurity clubs or other relevant extracurriculars Have relevant internship experience Have experience applying AI systems to reverse engineering, vulnerability research, or exploit development Understand Unix/Linux operating systems Are familiar with assembly language Possess an active TS/SCI clearance with full scope polygraph About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly