What You'll Do Our Data and Analytics Internship Program offers opportunities for interns to work on real projects collaborating with team members. We'll place you in a role customized to your expertise and interests where you will work in a fast-paced, collaborative team environment. You'll be assigned a formal leader and mentor to help guide you through the program. This is an excellent opportunity to understand and learn more about Principal’s growing analytics community!    We are hiring at the undergraduate and graduate level for Summer 2027. The primary job tracks are Data Analytics, Data Science, Data Consulting, Data Governance, and Business Intelligence. What You’ll Do Actively collaborate with stakeholders, leadership and IT to research, analyze and deliver data solutions Mine data sources and making that data easy to interpret through visuals and other consumable formats Participate in project teams to develop and maintain processes and work with in-time or scheduled metrics and reporting Apply a variety of statistical techniques to business problems to generate insights Keys to success in this position The curiosity and desire to dig to find answers within data Strong storytelling abilities to translate data into insights for business partners or less technical audiences Desire to explore new data techniques, languages, and data sources Operating at the intersection of financial services and technology, Principal builds financial tools that help our customers live better lives. We take pride in being a purpose-led firm, motivated by our mission to make financial security accessible to all. Our mission, integrity, and customer focus have made us a trusted leader for more than 140 years. Who You Are Currently pursuing or completed an undergraduate degree program in data, statistics, mathematics, or related field Exposure to data analytics through coursework, previous internships, or work experience Involvement in student organizations on your respective campus, within the community, or prior internship experience Exposure to Python, Snowflake, and/or PowerBI through development, course work, or other experience Strong SQL knowledge Additional Graduate Level Internship Requirements Currently pursuing or completed a graduate degree program in statistics, analytics, social sciences (IO psychology, sociology, etc.) or related degree program Knowledge of statistical and machine learning techniques Exposure to data visualization concepts & standard methodologies Proficiency with one or more of the following: NLP, time series, propensity & uplift modeling, machine learning frameworks, graph algorithms Skills That Will Help You Stand Out Leadership positions within student, work, or community organizations Previous IT internship or relevant work experience Experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Shiny, Poltly, Flask, D3 Experience working with Cloud Technologies (AWS, Azure, etc.) Exposure or interest in Customer Analytics, Marketing, or quantitative research methods in Social Sciences Salary Range Information Salary ranges below reflect targeted base salaries. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation for all roles will be based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Salary Range (Non-Exempt expressed as hourly; Exempt expressed as yearly) $28 - $32 / hour Salary Details The following salary ranges reflect market-specific compensation for this position across multiple job levels. Candidates will be evaluated to determine the appropriate job level based on their skills and experience. Undergraduate intern: $28.00 - $30.00/hr Graduate intern: $30.00 - $32.00/hr Time Off Program Paid company holidays and any time off required in your state. Pension Eligible No Work Environments This role offers in-office, hybrid AND remote work arrangements (only if residing more than 30 miles from Des Moines, IA or Charlotte, NC or Raleigh, NC). You’ll work with your leader to figure out which option may align best based on several factors. Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $4,000. This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on this stipend as a financial benefit but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Our Internship Culture Join an established program that provides hands-on experiences for 200+ interns each year! You'll learn new skills with dedicated teams and mentors, build your professional network and collaborate across a global Fortune 500 company. We care about offering you diverse experiences and exciting challenges that push you to reach for bigger life goals, all while enjoying our flexibility and work life balance. Join us for events such as our Executive Speaker Series, gain career direction, and much more. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we're not considering applicants that need any type of immigration sponsorship (additional work authorization or permanent work authorization) now or in the future to work in the United States. This includes, but IS NOT LIMITED TO: F1-OPT, F1-CPT, H-1B, TN, L-1, J-1, etc. For additional information around work authorization needs please use the following links. Nonimmigrant Workers and Green Card for Employment-Based Immigrants Investment Code of Ethics For Principal Asset Management positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization. Experience Principal At Principal, we value connecting on both a personal and professional level. Together, we’re imagining a more purpose-led future for financial services – and that starts with you. Our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our interns. Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Posting Window We will accept applications for 3 full days following the Original Posting Date, after which the posting may remain open or be removed based upon applications received. If we choose to post the job again, we will accept additional applications for at least 1 full day following the Most Recently Posted Date. Please submit applications in a timely manner as there is no guarantee the posting will be available beyond the applicable deadline. Original Posting Date 9/10/2026 Most Recently Posted Date 9/14/2026 Principal uses artificial intelligence tools to assist in reviewing and evaluating job applications, fraud prevention, and candidate matching and comparisons. These AI tools support our human recruiters in the initial review process but do not make final hiring decisions without human involvement. By submitting your application, you acknowledge this use of AI in our recruitment process. Please review our Workforce (U.S.) Privacy Notice for more details on our practices and your data privacy rights. LinkedIn Remote Hashtag #LI-Remote