Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities You will be part of an R&D team utilizing Agile software development to deliver software features for InfiniiVision Real-time Oscilloscopes. You will develop oscilloscope software using C++, enabling customers to detect system issues and validate their products. About the Team: Our team is very competent, highly motivated, friendly, and eager to help you succeed. The team has a mix of new and experienced developers with a broad range of skills. Learning new development tools and processes Leaning about how the software in a Keysight digital oscilloscope works Designing, implementing, testing, and signal processing measurements and algorithms Qualifications • Pursuing BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent degree • Experience with software development, source control and testing • Experience with object-oriented programming • Proficient in C++ programming language • Basic understanding of electronics • Ability to quickly learn new technologies • Ability to function effectively in a team environment Desired Qualifications • Familiarity with Microsoft Visual Studio or other IDEs • Familiarity with Git source control • Familiarity with Atlassian tools - Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket Keysight Internship Program Requirements: Candidates who wish to be considered must be enrolled in a accredited college/university as of September 2026. Applicants who have graduated before September 2026 will not be considered unless they are entering/applying to a MS or PHD program after graduating. This position requires access to technology and/or technical data that is subject to U.S. export controls. You must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual under 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain required authorizations from the U.S. Government. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. Colorado Pay Range: Min $30.34 to Max $32.68 Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***