Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities As a research intern in Keysight's Advanced Technology Laboratories, you will work on photonic integrated circuit (PIC) characterization and analysis using automated state-of-the-art instrumentation in a well-equipped laboratory. You will have an opportunity to investigate PICs with a variety of functionalities for atypical applications with challenging requirements. You will be expected to help improve and further automate existing PIC characterization tools and analysis methodologies to increase productivity and reveal new insights. Hands-on experience characterizing PICs will be a key attribute of a successful candidate. In addition, the work might include simulation and design to improve existing integrated components and circuits or to create new ones. You will be working with a talented and multi-disciplinary team in Keysight’s central research laboratory uniquely chartered with inventing and developing breakthrough electronic and photonic measurement technologies. With your skills and experience and an intern position in Keysight Labs, you will contribute directly to the revolution in photonic integration. If your project is successful, you may see the results of your work in next-generation products from Keysight. This position requires hands-on laboratory work and close collaboration with other team members. Consequently, this job must be performed from our offices in Santa Clara, California. Qualifications The successful candidate will possess a theoretical understanding and practical skills in photonic integrated circuits (PICs). Job Requirements: Completed a B.S. degree in an engineering or science discipline Graduate student* majoring in Optics, Photonics, Physics, or Electrical Engineering Strong familiarity with PICs including: Integrated waveguide types and their properties Common fiber-to-chip coupling techniques and related components (optical I/O) Passive components (directional couplers, polarization splitters, rings, MMI’s, etc.) Active components (photodetectors, modulators, heaters, lasers, etc.) Hands-on experience with both optical and electrical test and measurement instrumentation Python programming skills and familiarity with engineering packages (Numpy, Matplotlib, etc.) Experience in PIC component simulation, modeling and design Strong written and verbal English communication skills Self-motivated with an ability to work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary team Other valuable skills: Lab automation – instrument control, data acquisition and motion control Familiarity with integrated photonic chip handling techniques Experience in PIC layout and GDS file handling Noise and signal analysis experience Familiarity with inverse design, agentic design, or data analytics California Salary Range: MIN $63.53 - MAX $68.41 *Candidates who wish to be considered must be enrolled in an accredited college/university as of September 2027. Applicants who are graduating before September 2027 will not be considered unless they are entering/applying to a MS or PHD program after graduating. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***