ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Ottawa, ON, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Duration: 12 Months: May 03, 2027 to April 21, 2028 16 Months: May 03, 2027 to August 18, 2028 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: You will join our team of experts developing ASIC and Adaptive SoC intellectual property (IP) for the next generation communication networks and data centers. You’ll work with a highly motivated team of engineers developing advanced verification environments for best-in-class configurable silicon targeted for wired communication applications such as AMD’s MI Series Accelerators and Versal SOCs. Contribute to the development of advanced Systemverilog-UVM based verification environments and IP components Write tests, sequences, and testbench components in SystemVerilog and UVM to achieve verification of the design Learn to employ a Coverage-Driven Verification methodology with Constrained Random Stimulus Review and contribute to verification plans and design specifications Contribute to process improvements via automation of tasks and exploring and evaluating new tools and methodologies Investigate and root cause issues found during the IP development stage WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: 3rd/4th year Computer Engineering or Computer Science students with: Understanding of digital design principles Understanding of Object Oriented Coding practices Experience with AI tools such as Claude Code Experience with Systemverilog, C or C++ programming languages Experience with Python, Perl or other scripting languages is an asset Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.