ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology can change lives for the better. It can heal us, entertain us, and make us more connected, productive, and understanding of the world around us. And we’re looking for talent who feel the same: people who want to leave the planet better than they found it, those who don’t shy away from humanity’s challenges but are determined to help solve them. AMD is powering the next generation of supercomputing, high-performance computing, cloud, and AI. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or creating go-to-market plans, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time 37.5 hrs a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Duration: 12 Months: May 03, 2027 to April 21, 2028 16 Months: May 03, 2027 to August 18, 2028 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated Hardware Design engineering intern/co-op to join our team and work towards design, built, and delivery of AMD’s high-end Machine Intelligence products. In this role you will participate in one or more of (but not limited to) the below assignments – Collaborate with Design Engineers on the physical design verification and physical implementation for some of our ASIC. Work on Memory interface simulation work eg. GDDR7, HBM, UCIE. Work on Discreate and Embedded hardware products and chip to chip interconnect. You will actively participate in RTL design in Verilog. Synthesis with timing driven placement and design for power (DFP). Floor planning, Power distribution, Clock distribution, Block/Chip Place & Route, EM/IR analysis, Timing closure, Static Timing Analysis. Some other tasks that we may assign you will include analysis of logical equivalent check, RTL clocking analysis, static power analysis, and design for test (DFT). We will also train you to build test libraries and models by using advanced verification languages such as System Verilog, UVM and C++. WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: Currently enrolled in a Canada based University into a Bachelor's degree program majoring in Electrical engineering or Computer engineering or a related field. If you have experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Strong semiconductor device physics knowledge. Digital /Logic circuits and VLSI Verilog or VHDL hardware description languages Exposure to UVM methodologies Scripting languages (e.g. Python, Perl, TCL, Ruby), Shell / UNIX scripting, C/C++, MATLAB. Interest or experience in Machine Learning. ASIC design Knowledge of Ruby on Rails and MySQL Linux/Unix environment Physical design (PD) process Chip level design/integration activities and DFT Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.