AIG is reimagining the way we help customers manage risk. Join us as a Summer Intern in the Data Office department to play your part in that transformation with opportunities to learn and grow your skills and experience as a valued member of the team.

About Us

At AIG, helping organizations and people discover new potential is our purpose. As a global risk leader, we do this for our clients every day. Through our deep expertise in their industries and our innovative solutions that help them smartly manage risk, we enable their growth in ways they never thought possible.

But we also do the same thing for our colleagues, because we know our people are our greatest strength – the source of every insight, every idea and every innovation. When we're working as one team to do what's right for our colleagues and our communities, we can achieve excellence together. We encourage colleagues to give back to the causes they care most about, supporting these efforts through our Volunteer Time Off and Matching Grants Programs.

Make your mark in Data Office

The Data Office within AIG provides transformational services that drive high impact business outcomes, support and curate data and enable analytics capabilities throughout the organization in order to drive profitable growth, reduce operational costs, improve customer experience, empower employees, reduce operational risk, and address regulatory requirements.

How you will make an impact

AIG’s Summer Interns are immersed in the day-to-day operations of a fast-moving, global insurance company. During the 9-week program, you will gain valuable, hands-on experience and insurance industry knowledge, working with leaders on dynamic projects, with plenty of opportunity for challenges, learning and achievement.

Summer Interns join one of our key business teams, which offers a unique opportunity to obtain core technical knowledge and professional skills in a diverse environment. In addition to meaningful on-the-job experiences, interns will join instructor-led masterclasses, hear directly from senior leaders, and build meaningful connections through mentoring circles, networking events and volunteering.

Following completion of the internship program, interns may be considered for a role in the location where they completed their internship, with the Analyst program beginning in July 2028.

Minimum Qualifications

Our Early Careers programs are designed for students and recent graduates who are beginning their professional careers, generally within one year of completing their degree.

Education Requirements

• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree to be received no later than June 2028 STEM major or with STEM coursework learned in associated majors. (Unofficial transcript required upon application).

• Examples of considered majors include, but are not limited to, Computer Science, Data Engineering, Data Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Information Systems, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Economics, Library Science, Geography, or Psychology.

Program Requirements

• Available for the complete Summer Internship Program from June 7 through August 6, 2027.

• Summer Intern positions are in-person opportunities, requiring interns to work in the office at least four days per week.

Core Qualifications

• Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate effectively in a professional environment.

• Demonstrated analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills, with strong attention to detail.

• Ability to collaborate effectively, manage multiple priorities, and adapt in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.

Applications will be accepted through October 31, 2026, at 11:59 p.m. ET. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and we encourage candidates to apply early. We reserve the right to close this posting prior to the application deadline based on application volume.

For Atlanta, GA, Charlotte, NC, Parsippany, NJ, Jersey City, NJ & New York, NY the hourly pay range for this position is $34.04 - $41.82

At AIG, we value in-person collaboration as a vital part of our culture, which is why we ask our team members to be primarily in the office. This approach helps us work together effectively and create a supportive, connected environment for our team and clients alike.

Enjoy benefits that take care of what matters

At AIG, our people are our greatest asset. We know how important it is to protect and invest in what’s most important to you. That is why we created our Total Rewards Program, a comprehensive benefits package that extends beyond time spent at work to offer benefits focused on your health, wellbeing and financial security—as well as your professional development—to bring peace of mind to you and your family.

Reimagining insurance to make a bigger difference to the world

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a global leader in commercial and personal insurance solutions; we are one of the world’s most far-reaching property casualty networks. It is an exciting time to join us — across our operations, we are thinking in new and innovative ways to deliver ever-better solutions to our customers. At AIG, you can go further to support individuals, businesses, and communities, helping them to manage risk, respond to times of uncertainty and discover new potential. We invest in our largest asset, our people, through continuous learning and development, in a culture that celebrates everyone for who they are and what they want to become.

Welcome to a culture of inclusion

We’re committed to creating a culture that truly respects and celebrates each other’s talents, backgrounds, cultures, opinions and goals. We foster a culture of inclusion and belonging through learning, cultural awareness activities and Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). With global chapters, ERGs are a cornerstone for our culture of inclusion. The talent of our people is one of AIG’s greatest assets, and we are honored that our drive for positive change has been recognized by numerous recent awards and accreditations.

AIG provides equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories.

AIG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to job applicants and employees with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation, please send an email to candidatecare@aig.com .

Functional Area:
TH - Other