Description Do you love learning about and improving the cybersecurity of critical military systems? We are seeking interns that are enthusiastic to learn about and perform research of cyber resilience for military platforms/systems, supporting state-of-the-art tactical capability development. Our team works collaboratively with industry, academia, and government to study, design, develop, implement, and test cyber capabilities applied to air, afloat, ground, and undersea platforms and systems. As a member of our team, you will... Work on state-of-the art areas of research and development such as but not limited to: Operational Software Solutions: Applying software design, development, scripting, testing for cybersecurity military system use cases Cyber Systems Engineering: Applying the combination of systems engineering with cybersecurity to design, build, and protect military systems Cyber Analytics: Applying a holistic view of complex security engineering to assess system security and resiliency through analytical means AI/ML for Cyber: Developing agentic pipelines and applications to analyze military systems and systems engineering processes Research capability gaps in current systems and prototype solutions in teams from a variety of STEM-related perspectives (systems engineering, software, mathematical modeling) Work alongside world-class professionals to solve challenges vital to national security Gain experience giving technical briefings and presentations on complex cybersecurity engineering topics you’ve spent the entire summer learning about Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Systems Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related fields Have an educational background or specialization interest in at least one of the following categories: Operational Software Solutions: Experience with programming languages such as Python, Rust, C, C++, Java, scripting, and testing Cyber Systems Engineering: Experience writing and analyzing requirements in accordance with standards such as INCOSE and IEEE/ISO. Experience developing system models using tools such as Cameo Enterprise Architecture Cyber Analytics: Experience with threat assessment, attack frameworks, and mitigation strategies. Experience developing algorithms and tools to analyze systems. Experience with mathematical modeling to solve cybersecurity problems AI/ML for Cyber: Experience with Large Language Models (LLMs), agentic harness development, RAG, agentic tool calling, trace analysis, prompt injection and mitigations Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Top-Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information (Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship) You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have previous relevant experience in internships, professional roles, or personal work in the field of cybersecurity that: Demonstrate the ability to learn about and see complex systems from a defender or attacker point of view Demonstrate the ability to design systems to be resilient against cyberattack Have skills working with a wide variety of computer systems (Linux/Unix operating systems) Have experience with automation, containerization (Docker, Kubernetes), databases, and secure software development Have experience with computer networks and network analysis tools (e.g., Wireshark, Suite, ELK Stack [Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana], Splunk, Suricata) Have experience with virtual machines, virtual networking, and/or hypervisor configuration/management (e.g., ESXi, Hyper-V) Have skills in cybersecurity from university cybersecurity competitions (such as Capture the Flags, Hackathons, Clubs) Have an active security clearance About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly