Company description Most companies in the AI era do one of two things: they advise, or they sell you a tool. We do both. Publicis Sapient is a technology company that provides enterprise AI platforms and services, which means we build our own AI platforms and bring the strategists, product thinkers, designers and engineers who make them work inside the world's most complex businesses. It's where people and products shape the future of enterprise, and where your ideas actually reach the organizations that run the world. If you want to question how things are done, learn continuously and do the best work of your career alongside 20,000 people across 28 countries, you're in the right place. Come build with us. Overview As a Product Manager Intern, you’ll gain first-hand experience creating imaginative solutions for our clients and you’ll see your ideas become reality. You will be on a team with engineering interns to develop a digital solution for a real client challenge. At the end of your summer internship, you’ll be considered for a full-time position that starts upon completion of your degree program.    Other program components include:  Capability training and certifications Ongoing coaching and mentorship from leaders across the company  Community service opportunities  Our internship location for Summer 2027 will be Chicago, IL. The Pay Range for this internship is $30–$33 per hour. Qualifications We recognize that you might not meet 100% of the requirements listed below and that’s okay! We’d love to hear from you anyways.  Required Qualifications  Working towards a BS/BA degree in data analytics, business administration, business management, engineering, economics, or related area  On track to graduate between August 2027 and July 2028  Considerable aptitude to analyze business requirements and define solutions to address complex business needs  Strong academic track record  Relevant leadership experience from community organization involvement or previous employment  Legal authorization to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future  Desired Qualifications  Strong interest in AI Solid interpersonal and communication skills  Ability to adapt and flex in a highly creative and collaborative multidisciplinary environment  Passion for all things interactive and digital  Passion for working as a Product Manager within the consulting space Publicis Sapient is unable to consider candidates who will require visa sponsorship now or in the future for this specific role. Additional information An inclusive workplace that promotes diversity and collaboration. Access to ongoing learning and development opportunities. Competitive compensation and benefits package. Flexibility to support work-life balance. Comprehensive health benefits for you and your family. Generous paid leave and holidays. Wellness program and employee assistance. As part of our dedication to an inclusive and diverse workforce, Publicis Sapient is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hiring@publicis.sapient.com