Job Description

The Future Talent Program features internships that last 10- 12 weeks and will include one or more projects. These opportunities in our Research Division can provide you with great development and a chance to see if we are the right company for your long-term goals.

The Information Sciences team, within Scientific Communications and Information Sciences, is seeking a summer intern with strong academic performance, excellent communications skills, and a passion for healthcare and technology. This opportunity will provide an exciting atmosphere to learn and contribute to a cross-divisional environment. Under supervision, the intern will complete specific projects pertaining to system maintenance, webpage creation, processing and curation of publication data, and management of data used in the drug development process. The internship will provide hands-on work experience coupled with personal and professional development opportunities. A strong background in chemistry or biochemistry is desired. Experience with HTML, Visual Basic, Python, or R is preferred.

Position Qualifications :

Education Minimum Requirement:

•
Currently pursuing a minimum of a Bachelor's degree in chemistry, biochemistry, chemical engineering, or pharmaceutical science

Required Experience and Skills:

•
Must have completed at least one year of organic chemistry

•
Must have excellent written and oral communication skills

•
Must have proficiency with Excel

•
Must be detail oriented and able to work independently to drive tasks to completion

•
Must be available for full-time employment for 10-12 weeks beginning in May or June 2027

Preferred Experience and Skills:

•
Should have demonstrated education and/or experience with chemical nomenclature (IUPAC or CAS)

•
Should have computer programming skills (HTML, R, Python, Visual Basic), or experience with data science

•
Should have experience with visualizations

•
Should have chemical drawing package experience (i.e., ChemDraw, ChemSketch, Marvin, etc.)

•
Should have a GPA of 3.0 or higher (preferred)

Please note that this position may be closed before the posted end date or may remain open longer, at the discretion of the company.

Salary range:
The salary range for this role is $$39,908 - $111,111

FTP2027

RL2027

Required Skills:

Preferred Skills:

Current Employees apply HERE

Current Contingent Workers apply HERE

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process.

As an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer, we provide equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. As a federal contractor, we comply with all affirmative action requirements for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. For more information about personal rights under the U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment laws, visit:

EEOC Know Your Rights

EEOC GINA Supplement​

We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing together, talented, and committed people with diverse experiences, perspectives, skills and backgrounds. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when people with diverse ideas, broad experiences, backgrounds, and skills come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively.

Learn more about your rights, including under California, Colorado and other US State Acts

San Francisco Residents Only: We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records for employment in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance

Los Angeles Residents Only: We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:
Intern/Co-op (Fixed Term)

Relocation:
No relocation

VISA Sponsorship:
No

Travel Requirements:
No Travel Required

Flexible Work Arrangements:
Hybrid

Shift:
1st - Day

Valid Driving License:
No

Hazardous Material(s):
n/a

Job Posting End Date:
10/31/2026
*A job posting is effective until 11:59:59PM on the day BEFORE the listed job posting end date. Please ensure you apply to a job posting no later than the day BEFORE the job posting end date.