Description Do you have an interest in learning about radar and other sensor systems? Are you self-motivated and passionate about solving some of the most complex problems encountered in defending our nation? If you’re pursuing a degree in Engineering, Math or Physics and want to gain experience in sensor systems, we’d love to have you join our team! Spend the summer with our team of engineers, physicists, mathematicians, and scientists recognized as experts in their field and contribute to the next generation of sensor development, test, and integration to aid in the defense of the nation. As a member of our team you will have a chance to: • Develop and analyze models of next generation radar and sensor systems • Prototype novel signal processing algorithms to be deployed by our military • Use machine learning techniques to augment current and future capabilities • Fabricate test fixtures to support test events • Apply data science and machine learning to complex, large scale datasets • Test radar systems to assure that they meet requirements Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are in a Bachelors or Masters degree program in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Engineering Physics, Physics, Applied Physics, Applied Math, Math or another related technical field. Have a passion for problem solving and analysis. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have previous internship experience in radar or sensors Possess a Secret level security clearance About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly