Sony Corporate Technology Center America, a branch of Sony AI, is a remotely distributed organization spread across the U.S. and Canada. Sony AI is Sony’s new research organization pursuing the mission to use AI to unleash human creativity. Sony AI works closely with Sony’s other business units, including Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC., Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., and Sony Music Entertainment. With some 900 million Sony devices in hands and homes worldwide today, a vast array of Sony movies, television shows and music, and the PlayStation Network, Sony creates and delivers more entertainment experiences to more people than anyone else on earth. To learn more: https://ai.sony/

Position Summary

Sony AI is seeking research interns who are passionate about ML-based technologies that are useful in movie , game , and music creation, as well as technologies for the ethical operations of generative AIs. Our mission is to research and develop technologies for various Sony Group products and for scientific publication. The technologies developed during the internship will have the potential to be applied in film, game , and music production across entertainment studios worldwide.

Responsibilities

As a research intern, you will investigate and apply novel algorithms related to:

The generation and editing of video, sound, and 3D visual geometry (including 3D human motion).

The analysis and alleviation of ethical flaws in generative models, including techniques for memorization detection and mitigation, concept erasure, and data attribution.

Your goal will be to publish your findings in a top-tier conference. You are expected to be self-motivated and to implement innovative ideas using your research, coding, and problem-solving skills. You will receive support from internal scientists and engineers in your efforts.

Required Qualifications

•
Master’s degree in Computer Science , Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or related fields.

•
Proven knowledge and expertise in generative AI applications, including deep generative modeling, computer vision, and audio signal processing.

•
Strong analytical and programming skills in deep learning using frameworks and tools for machine learning (e.g., PyTorch ) and visualization (e.g., TensorBoard ).

•
Experience in research communities, including published papers at top-tier conferences such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NeurIPS , ICLR, and ICML.

•
Excellent communication and presentation skills.

Preferred Qualifications

•
Currently enrolled in a relevant Ph.D. program in fields such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or related disciplines.

Working Location

Location flexible (Tokyo, NYC, remote)

The target hourly rate for this internship is $50.00 per hour. The individual will be paid hourly and eligible for overtime .

#LI-AS1

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation.

Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Corporation of America Sony Corporation of America provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at careers@sonyusa.com or by mail to: Sony Corporation of America, People Experience Department, 25 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010. Please indicate the position you are applying for.

We are aware that unauthorized individuals or organizations may attempt to solicit personal information or payments from job applicants by impersonating our company through fraudulent job postings. We take these matters seriously but cannot control third-party websites. To protect your personal information, please verify that any job posting you respond to also appears on our official Careers page: www.sonyjobs.com . Please also be advised that we never request personal identifying information (such as Social Security numbers, bank details, or copies of identification documents) during the initial stages of our application process. If you have any doubts about the authenticity of a job posting or communication, please contact careers@sonyusa.com before submitting any information.

Right to Work (English/Spanish)

E-Verify Participation (English/Spanish)