Primary Office Location:
401 S Graham St. Charlotte, North Carolina. 28202.

Join our team. Make a difference - for us and for your future.

• Deadline to submit application: October 17. 2026

• Paid Internship

• No Corporate housing is offered and/or available

Internship Overview/Summary:

In the role of Retail Banking Intern, you have the opportunity to apply your knowledge of business and finance to real world scenarios within our retail banking segment. Throughout this experience you will gain practical, challenging, and meaningful on-the-job work experience as a retail banking professional with an organization who is continuously recognized as a Top Workplace and Best Place to Work.

Internship Duties and Responsibilities:

• Participate in Teller training and spend some time learning to service customers on the Teller Line

• Participate in Platform training and be provided with the opportunity to shadow Platform employees during the lead calling, profiling, and account opening process

• Shadow either Branch Managers or Business Development Officer’s on outside business calls

• Have the opportunity to attend and observe Workplace Banking presentations

• Spend time interacting with other FNB business partners which may include Private Banking, Treasury Management, Wealth/Brokerage, and Business Banking

• Spend time interacting with Retail leadership (both Regional Banking Executive’s and Market Managers)

• Participate and attend FNB related events/trainings that are scheduled for all Summer Interns

Learning Objectives:

Our internship programs are designed to ensure you gain valuable skills in your field of study while providing networking opportunities with professionals throughout the organization.

Over the course of the internship period, you will:

• Gain hands-on experience working for a dynamic and innovative organization while learning about the financial services industry

• Work directly with assigned business leaders and professionals on various projects and assignments

• Have the opportunity to participate in networking events and meetings

• Have the opportunity to participate in corporate training opportunities to further aid in your professional development

Position Title: Intern
Business Unit: Multiple
Reports To: Varies Based on Assignment

Position Overview:
As an intern at F.N.B., you have the opportunity to experience daily what you learned in your finance or economics classes, see how banks work satisfying the needs of businesses and consumers, enhance leadership skills working with high-performing executives, learn the skills that differentiates F.N.B in the marketplace, understand interest rates and other key financial drivers, acquire credit skills key to portfolio health and learn complex regulatory compliance issues and more. Possible positions include key support areas such as Finance, Marketing, HR, Project Mgmt. and Accounting.

Primary Responsibilities:
Learn aggressively: Be open to new ideas and concepts, ask questions and be intellectually curious. Opportunities are based on assigned department, possible examples include organizational structures, business etiquette, interpersonal/conflict resolution/sales/negotiation skills, industry information, products and services and functional responsibilities for various Bank departments.

Analyze: Improve the quality of decision making by doing appropriate and thorough analysis. Potential examples are based on the department assigned but can include pricing decisions, financial analysis, qualitative analysis, credit risk mitigation, identifying borrowing needs, project timelines and marketing plans.

Communicate well: Deliver information in a clear, logical and effective manner. Convey information both in writing and orally. Flex style to effectively communicate in one-on-one, small group and large-group settings. Possible examples include business meetings, sales calls, training sessions, email communication and conference calls.

Display Teamwork: Work well with others to achieve group goals. Willing to leverage the experiences of members to generate improved results and maximum performance. Lead and follow with effectiveness. Willing to voice dissent and ask difficult questions. Listen, to learn. Examples include department or Intern projects.

Get Results: Be accountable, responsible for the output of one's effort. Willing to manage risk while pursuing innovative solutions or techniques. Flexible to change course to improve outcomes and results. Understand the criticalness of quality-output. Meet deadlines, getting things done on time and under budget. Possible examples will be numerous in virtually every department in the Bank.

Compliance/Integrity: Understand and follow all company policies and procedures. Meet all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Complete required trainings and course work in a satisfactory manner and on time.

Complete project assignments in conjunction with rotations and work with appropriate oversight to complete. Learn to accomplish objectives by developing and prioritizing actions steps and establishing and communicating the work plan to the appropriate participants.

Performs other related duties and projects as assigned.

All employees have the responsibility and the accountability to serve as risk managers for their businesses by understanding, reporting, responding to, managing and monitoring the risk they encounter daily as required by F.N.B. Corporation’s risk management program. F.N.B. Corporation is committed to achieving superior levels of compliance by adhering to regulatory laws and guidelines. Compliance with regulatory laws and company procedures is a required component of all position descriptions.

Minimum Education:
High School or GED

Minimum Years Experience:
0

Special Skills:
Needs to be officially enrolled in an undergraduate bachelor program with a major in areas such as Finance, Accounting, Marketing or Information Technology

Special Licenses and Certificates:
N/A

Physical Requirements:
N/A

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):

It is the policy of F.N.B. Corporation (FNB) and its affiliates not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other category protected by law. It is also the policy of FNB and its affiliates to employ and advance in employment all persons regardless of their status as individuals with disabilities or veterans, and to base all employment decisions only on valid job requirements. FNB provides all applicants and employees a discrimination and harassment free workplace.

FNB will not provide sponsorship for employment-based visas for this position; only candidates who are legally authorized to work in the U.S. will be considered.