Astranis builds advanced satellites for high orbits, expanding humanity’s reach into the solar system. Today, Astranis satellites provide dedicated, secure networks to highly-sophisticated customers across the globe— large enterprises, sovereign governments, and the US military. With five satellites on orbit and many more set to launch soon, the company is servicing a backlog of more than $1 billion of commercial contracts.

Astranis is the preferred satellite communications partner for buyers with stringent requirements for uptime, data security, network visibility, and customization. Astranis has raised over $750 million from some of the world’s best investors, from Andreessen Horowitz to Blackrock and Fidelity, and employs a team of 450 engineers and entrepreneurs. Astranis designs, builds, and operates its satellites out of its 153,000 sq. ft. headquarters in Northern California, USA.

Software Engineer Backend Intern (Summer 2027)

As a Software Engineer Intern on the Platform team, you'll design and build services that autonomously control satellites, monitor telemetry for anomalies, and provide real-time situational awareness to keep our fleet safe and online. You'll also be building the core components and services that power the rest of our software organization, enabling every team to move faster and more reliably.

You will be shaping the foundation of software that has to work flawlessly – because our satellites depend on it.

This role will contribute to both our commercial and US government programs.

Internships at Astranis typically last for twelve weeks, and are hourly roles designed for students who are currently enrolled at a four-year university. If you have already graduated from a four-year university, please apply to be an Associate Engineer.

Role

• Design and build high-performance, reliable, mission-critical software that is used to send commands to space

• Take full ownership of features, working across backend and infrastructure

• Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams to define software requirements, architectures, and designs

Requirements

• Currently pursuing a B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent degree

• Strong proficiency in Python

• Experience and understanding of databases (Postgres, etc)

• Experience and understanding of pub/sub and streaming systems (RabbitMQ, Flink, etc)

Bonus

• Experience with Kubernetes

• Experience building fleet management systems

The base pay for this position is $29.00 per hour.

Base Hourly Pay

$29 — $29 USD

U.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or Refugee/Asylee Status Required

(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))

Our mission and products are built for everyone, regardless of gender, race, creed, or background. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we invite all people to join our team and bring their unique perspectives to make us stronger.

SMS Terms of Service

1. When you opt in to receive SMS messages from Astranis Space Technologies Corp. , we may send you messages related to your job application, including updates, interview coordination, and other recruiting communications.
2. You can cancel the SMS service at any time by replying with any of the following industry standard keywords:

a. STOP
b. STOPALL
c. OPTOUT
d. CANCEL
e. END
f. QUIT
g. UNSUBSCRIBE
h. REVOKE

3. After you opt out, we may send one final text message confirming that you have been unsubscribed. No further recruiting SMS messages will be sent unless you opt in again.
4. To opt back in, reply with any of the following industry standard keywords:

a. START
b. UNSTOP
c. YES

5. For help, reply HELP or contact us at EMAIL or PHONE NUMBER.
6. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
7. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Contact your wireless provider for details.
8. For more information on how we handle your data, please review our Privacy Policy at: https://www.astranis.com/legal/privacy .