Job Description

The Future Talent Program features Cooperative (Co-op) education that lasts up to 6 months and will include one or more projects. These opportunities in our Global Support Division can provide you with great development and a chance to see if we are the right company for your long-term goals.

Our Support Functions deliver services and make recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the experience of working at our organization. The vision for the Global Workplace and Enterprise Services (GWES) is to improve patient’s lives by providing world-class facility services & solutions that enable innovative research, medicines, & vaccines. Global Real Estate enables the design and delivery of workplaces worldwide, leveraging data-driven insights to optimize space, support business objectives, and enhance the employee experience.

Work assignment will be project related at the Rahway site with a deliverable in mind.

•
Establish workforce data governance by defining ownership, standards and controls for site level employee workplace assignment for sites Ex-US.

•
Design automated headcount validation framework for when there is a change in headcount at a site or a change in employee assignment to update the assignment in the Real Estate database OpenBlue.

•
Identify and remediate data discrepancies by implementing exception reporting and creating a workflow to correct the inaccurate site assignments.

•
Develop executive reporting and analytics, using tools like Power BI to provide visibility into the workforce distribution.

Primary Activities:

•
Collaboration with internal stakeholders and external providers

•
Recommend efficiency opportunities in current processes and implement appropriate communication and planning.

•
Responsible for learning and adhering to all our Company Safety, Health, Environmental and regulatory requirements (as required by task).

•
Perform necessary administrative duties to ensure maintenance of records, reports, and associated tasks.

Required Education and Experience:

•
Candidates must be currently enrolled in a bachelor’s program in Computer/Data Science, Information Systems or Business Analytics.

•
Candidates must have Majors Sought: Data Science, Information Systems or Business Analytics

•
Candidates must have level(s) of Experience Sought: Beginner - Limited or no previous work experience/first Co-op or Intermediate - Some related work or volunteer experience/second Co-op or Advanced - Previous related work experience/final Co-op

•
Candidates must be available for a period of 6 months. Must be able to work flexible hours

Preferred Education:

•
Candidates should have Minimum GPA: 3.00

Please note that this position may be closed before the posted end date or may remain open longer, at the discretion of the company.

Salary range:
The salary range for this role is $39,908 - $111,111 ​USD

FTP2027

GSF2027

Required Skills:

Preferred Skills:

Current Employees apply HERE

Current Contingent Workers apply HERE

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process.

As an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer, we provide equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. As a federal contractor, we comply with all affirmative action requirements for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. For more information about personal rights under the U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment laws, visit:

EEOC Know Your Rights

EEOC GINA Supplement​

We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing together, talented, and committed people with diverse experiences, perspectives, skills and backgrounds. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when people with diverse ideas, broad experiences, backgrounds, and skills come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively.

Learn more about your rights, including under California, Colorado and other US State Acts

San Francisco Residents Only: We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records for employment in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance

Los Angeles Residents Only: We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:
Intern/Co-op (Fixed Term)

Relocation:
No relocation

VISA Sponsorship:
No

Travel Requirements:
No Travel Required

Flexible Work Arrangements:
Hybrid

Shift:
Not Indicated

Valid Driving License:
No

Hazardous Material(s):
n/a

Job Posting End Date:
10/9/2026
*A job posting is effective until 11:59:59PM on the day BEFORE the listed job posting end date. Please ensure you apply to a job posting no later than the day BEFORE the job posting end date.