ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time 37.5 hrs a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Winter Duration: 4 Months: January 11, 2027 to April 23, 2027 8 Months: January 11, 2027 to August 20, 2027 Summer Duration: 4 Months: May 3, 2027 to August 20, 2027 8 Months: May 3, 2027 to December 10, 2027 Fall Duration: 4 Months: September 13, 2027 to December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated Program Management intern/co-op to join our team. In this role – You will be involved in crafting realistic schedules, project lifecycle, partner matrix, conduct appropriate risk, issue and change and follow-up of actions items. We will be working collaboratively with the AMD project management office and engineering community to help continuous system and process improvement and be efficient. We will encourage you to track, analyze and report weekly on plans, status, progress to the management, team and other collaborators and drive corrective actions when required. We will collaboratively work on building requirements definition, problem resolution, team decisions, and project planning. You will follow up with program managers on compliance with processes and tools. We will train you to onboard schedules in MS-Project server for program managers. We will help you to build more automated data gathering and reporting capability using data visualization tools. WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: Currently enrolled in a Canada based University into a Bachelor's Degree program majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Data Science, or a related field/discipline. AI/ML specialization option as asset If you have knowledge / experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Software development with curiosity for program/project management MS Office with experience in Excel (Pivot Tables, Power Query, Macros etc.) Powerpoint (features for presentation), Word and MS Project. Data visualization tools like PowerBI. PC architecture. Data analysis, including basic statistical analysis and visual analysis. Data systems design, governance and administration. Relational databases, SQL queries. Python development for process automation. Project Management or Operation Management. Financial analysis and cost-tracking. JIRA. Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.