Description Do you want to build expertise in wireless communications? Do you want to learn more about the latest wireless technologies and working with a team to solve some of our government’s most critical communication challenges? If you are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering and want to work in wireless communications, we'd love to have you join our team! We are seeking an intern to join our Wireless Cyber Capabilities Group that is working to give our nation a significant advantage by controlling the wireless communications environment. To learn more about our work, click here. As a member of our team, you will... Be part of a team that leverages wireless communications expertise, software defined radios (SDR), and radio frequency machine learning (RFML) to own the communications environment. Collaborate with a team of wireless communications engineers and software developers to implement wireless communication technology solutions. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a related technical degree Are interested in signals & systems or wireless communication concepts Have a passion for software programming Are able to obtain Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Are skilled in and/or have knowledge of signals & systems or wireless communication concepts Are skilled in and/or have knowledge of software design patterns in a language such as Python, C/C++, VHDL/Verilog, or MATLAB Are skilled in and/or have knowledge of digital signal processing (DSP) such as Fourier analysis and filtering Are skilled in and/or have knowledge of software defined radio (SDR) frameworks such as GNU Radio Are skilled in and/or have knowledge of machine learning (ML) including frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly