Role Type:
Undergraduate

Work Term:
Summer/Term 3

Work Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hours:
37.5

Pay Details:
$85,000 - $95,000 CAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

TD Securities Overview

TD Securities offers a wide range of capital markets products and services to corporate, government, and institutional clients who choose us for our innovation, execution, and experience.

With more than 6,500 professionals operating out of 30 cities across the globe, we help clients meet their needs today and prepare for tomorrow. Our services include underwriting and distributing new issues, providing trusted advice and industry-leading insight, extending access to global markets, and delivering integrated transaction banking solutions. In 2023, we acquired Cowen Inc., offering our clients access to a premier U.S. equities business and highly diverse equity research franchise, while growing our strong, diversified investment bank.

We are growth-oriented, people-focused, and community-minded. As a team, we work to deliver value for our clients every day.

Global Markets Credit at TD Securities:

The Global Markets Credit group is responsible for implementing and ensuring compliance with credit policies established by the Bank for the management of derivative credit exposures. Through strategic, tactical and risk-oriented teams of professionals, Global Markets Credit delivers the highest quality service and expertise to its stakeholders.

Your Summer as a Global Markets Credit Analyst:

The Global Markets Credit Analyst is part of our team of in-house credit professionals that works closely with the organization’s Sales and Trading team. The Global Markets Credit Analyst will gain experience across a wide variety of Financial Institution, Corporate, Institutional and Sovereign clients. The Global Markets Credit team is involved with the origination process for the trading business and is responsible for the credit analysis and recommendation of credit/derivative facilities enabling the various trading businesses/desks to transact with counterparties, as well as ad hoc reporting and monitoring of the credit risk profile of TD Securities’ clients that are users of a wide variety of capital market trading products including:

• Derivatives (foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity and credit derivatives)

• Financing products (securities / equities borrowing and lending, and repurchase transactions)

• Money market and fixed income securities (commercial paper, bonds and asset-backed securities).

How You Will Contribute:

• Assist in the preparation and recommendation of high-quality credit submissions for new business proposals, interim and annual reviews.

• Conduct appropriate market, industry and client credit analysis with clearly articulated recommendations on credit decisions and appropriate borrower risk ratings.

• Work closely with other product groups, including TDS Sales and Trading, TDS Cash Management, TDS Trade Finance and other business areas of TD to ensure that credit needs are being met.

• Ongoing monitoring of Counterparty performance and credit exposures, including compliance with authorized credit limits and terms, as well as reporting requirements.

• Identify potential problems requiring attention and recommend appropriate actions to best manage the risks in deteriorating credit situations.

• Contribute to a strong team credit culture by raising issues on credit, reputational and operational risks.

• Provide a high level of client service; develop the client relationship by identifying cross-sell opportunities and coordinating marketing efforts with other business / product groups.

• Ensure that credit arrangements adequately balance the risk and return.

Qualifications:

• Graduating with an undergraduate business degree in December 2027 or June 2028 with a high academic standing

• Enrolment in CFA program is an asset but not required

• Solid understanding of capital markets and treasury/derivative products as well as the inherent market and credit risks

• Strong financial analysis and risk assessment skills

• Strong oral and written communication skills

• Well-organized, and can prioritize multiple tasks and deliver results in a fast-paced environment.

• Ability to be effective in both a team and independent working environment.

• Familiarity with legal documentation including ISDAs, repurchase agreements and loan agreements would be an asset.

• Strong PC skills (credit processing, Moody’s Financial Analyst, Microsoft Word, Excel)

Location: Toronto

How to Apply:

You must submit your complete application package (cover letter, resume, most recent unofficial transcripts), including projected graduation date. Cover letters may be addressed to:

Novjiot Chahal

Early Talent Acquisition Partner, TD Securities

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet