Astranis builds advanced satellites for high orbits, expanding humanity’s reach into the solar system. Today, Astranis satellites provide dedicated, secure networks to highly-sophisticated customers across the globe— large enterprises, sovereign governments, and the US military. With five satellites on orbit and many more set to launch soon, the company is servicing a backlog of more than $1 billion of commercial contracts.

Astranis is the preferred satellite communications partner for buyers with stringent requirements for uptime, data security, network visibility, and customization. Astranis has raised over $750 million from some of the world’s best investors, from Andreessen Horowitz to Blackrock and Fidelity, and employs a team of 450 engineers and entrepreneurs. Astranis designs, builds, and operates its satellites out of its 153,000 sq. ft. headquarters in Northern California, USA.

Electrical Integration Intern - RF (Summer 2027)

Internships at Astranis typically last for twelve weeks, and are hourly roles designed for students who are currently enrolled at a four-year university.

As an Intern, you will have an amazing opportunity to work on hard problems — we pride ourselves on giving everyone at Astranis a chance to do meaningful work on challenging projects, no matter their seniority. Many past interns have designed and tested hardware/software that is heading to space on our first satellite, and many of them are now full-time employees at Astranis.

If you have already graduated from a four-year university, please apply to be an Electrical Integration - RF Associate.

Role

• Work on an interdisciplinary team to design, build, and test satellite hardware and software

• Work with the Electrical, Mechanical, Radio Frequency, and Propulsion engineering teams to develop assembly and integration test plans and procedures based on concepts and designs

• Learn to use various pieces of test equipment and instruments (thermal chambers, vibration tables, DAQs, oscilloscopes, etc.) to successfully execute test plans

• Coordinate assembly, integration and environmental test efforts

• Help solve complex electrical, software, and mechanical problems in an integrated system

Requirements

• Currently pursuing a four-year degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science (or equivalent technical degree) and graduated within the last 6 months or currently enrolled in a post-graduate program

• A passion for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development

• Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize

• Strong communication skills

• Must be onsite 5 days a week

Bonus

• Hands-on experience in designing, building, and testing complex electrical systems

• Experience writing Python code to: Interface with test equipment, process large datasets, visualize data

• Direct electrical or software design experience

• Demonstrated ability to debug hardware and software problems under time pressure

The base pay for this position is $29.00 per hour.

Base Hourly Pay

$29 — $29 USD

U.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or Refugee/Asylee Status Required

(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))

Our mission and products are built for everyone, regardless of gender, race, creed, or background. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we invite all people to join our team and bring their unique perspectives to make us stronger.

SMS Terms of Service

1. When you opt in to receive SMS messages from Astranis Space Technologies Corp. , we may send you messages related to your job application, including updates, interview coordination, and other recruiting communications.
2. You can cancel the SMS service at any time by replying with any of the following industry standard keywords:

a. STOP
b. STOPALL
c. OPTOUT
d. CANCEL
e. END
f. QUIT
g. UNSUBSCRIBE
h. REVOKE

3. After you opt out, we may send one final text message confirming that you have been unsubscribed. No further recruiting SMS messages will be sent unless you opt in again.
4. To opt back in, reply with any of the following industry standard keywords:

a. START
b. UNSTOP
c. YES

5. For help, reply HELP or contact us at EMAIL or PHONE NUMBER.
6. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
7. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Contact your wireless provider for details.
8. For more information on how we handle your data, please review our Privacy Policy at: https://www.astranis.com/legal/privacy .