Overview We are seeking a full-time Reliability Engineering Intern at Garmin's U.S. headquarters in the Greater Kansas City area. In this role, you will be responsible for applying engineering knowledge to prevent or reduce the likelihood of product failures, identify, and correct the causes of failures, apply methods to analyze reliability data and likelihood of failure on new designs, process documentation and checklist, cost/benefit analysis of projects, and reporting of results to management. Essential Functions Cleanliness zone area requirements: This position requires Garmin provided personal protective equipment including SD shoes (Static Dissipative Footwear) to be always worn for an entire shift to minimize the risk of electrostatic discharge (ESD) and meet specified standards. Collaborate with design engineering teams to create/implement reliability plans during product development Coordinate reliability goal setting, modeling, and risk analysis Perform physics-of-failure based reliability analysis and research Design and facilitate reliability testing (e.g. accelerated life testing, degradation testing, Highly Accelerated Life Testing, etc.) Assist reliability technicians in test execution and documentation Utilize engineering skills to identify/resolve failures in electronic, electro-mechanical, and mechanical systems Perform statistics-based reliability analysis to identify failure trends and expected life Prepare concise reports on test results/data analysis and present to peers/management Maintain knowledge and application of industry test standards and best practices Build strong relationships and leverage all business segments (design engineering, quality, manufacturing, procurement, marketing/sales) to achieve reliability goals Basic Qualifications Pursuing a degree in Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or other related field Strong academics (cumulative GPA greater than or equal to 3.0 as a general rule) Proficient using MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Demonstrated strong and effective verbal, written, and respectful interpersonal communication skills Must be team-oriented, possess a positive attitude and work well with others Excellent time management and follow-up skills Superior organizational and analytical skills with keen attention to detail and quality Must be detail-oriented and can proactively and effectively with minimal supervision Ability to prioritize and multi-task in a flexible, fast paced, and challenging environment. Desired Qualifications Previous experience in Engineering, IT, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Warehousing, or Distribution Operations Fluent in statistical analysis and software (e.g. ReliaSoft, Minitab, JMP, R, Python, etc.) Knowledge of three-dimensional modeling Strong interest/knowledge in electronic and mechanical systems and how products fail Garmin International is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran's status, age or disability. This position is eligible for Garmin's benefit program. Details can be found here: Garmin Intern Benefits