Description Are you excited about applying your knowledge, skills and talents in solving some of the most complex problems encountered in defending our nation? Would you like to contribute to the evolution of signal processing and data fusion algorithms, enabling our nation to far out-pace our adversaries as they seek to evade detection? If so, spend the summer with our team of engineers, physicists, mathematicians and computer scientists in the development of the world’s most capable sensor systems ensuring our nation’s security. Our highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team, engages in the following… Application and analysis of novel signal and data processing algorithms for detection, tracking and characterization of sophisticated threats Development, application, and analysis of advanced algorithms that intelligently fuse active, passive, multi-band and multi-static sensor data Optimization of multi-sensor architectures by defining the sensor integration, tasking, and coordination required to obtain high-quality fused multi-domain (air, sea, land, and space) targeting information from multi-spectral and multi-mode sensor capabilities Application of artificial intelligence and machine learning in sensing and in analysis of sensor data Application of data science and statistical analysis to large, multi-dimensional datasets Analysis and development of sensor signal processing, tracking, and data fusion algorithms using complex simulations of integrated sensor architectures in a high-performance computing environment Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for a position on our team if you… Are pursuing a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD program in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Engineering Physics, Physics, Applied Physics, Applied Math, Math or another related technical field Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale Have strong problem solving/analytical skills Have excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills Can collaborate effectively with colleagues from varied subject areas and experience levels Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You’ll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have previous internship or research experience in Engineering, Math, Physics or a technical discipline related to the items described above. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly