Date Posted:
2026-09-08&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-AZ-TUCSON-M02 ~ 1151 E Hermans Rd ~ BLDG M02&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
Active and transferable U.S. government issued security clearance is required prior to start date.​ U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance​&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
DoD Clearance: Secret&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Ability to obtain INTERIM U.S. government issued security clearance is required prior to start date

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX , our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

At Raytheon , An Electrical Engineer in the Effector Digital Products Department will develop FPGA designs for all major vendors and device families including: Xilinx, Intel, Microchip, and Lattice. Designs are implemented using VHDL and support the following type of applications: gigabit serial interfaces, Radio Frequency (RF) and Electro-Optical (EO) Digital Signal Processing (DSP), control loops, data links, embedded processing, and processor interfaces. Configurable Logic Design Engineers work with circuit card designers and systems engineers to develop requirements, select parts, architect the device, perform code development, simulation, and place and route. Designs are verified against requirements using both directed test and constrained random methodologies. Design support is expected from requirements definition through integration and test, and eventually production. Designs are documented and configuration managed throughout the entire design process.

Successful candidate for the Configurable Digital Logic Summer 2027 Internship position will participate in multi-discipline teams supporting primarily military programs through application of EE tools and design processes.  Chosen candidate will be a team member working on the design, analysis and support of Raytheon Missile & Defense electronics products. This may include digital, analog, power and mixed signal circuit card assemblies, FPGA/VHDL programming or ASIC support, sustaining and production electronics support, components engineering, and product development engineering.

What You Will Do:

• Participating as a team member in detailed circuit design

•  Configurable digital logic development using VHDL

•  Functional analysis

•  Modeling and development of designs, including DSP and other math functions, using Python, matlab, etc.

• Integration in labs using python and C/C++

• Functional verification testing

• Automation tool development using shell scripts, python, perl

• Working with engineering and production personnel to troubleshoot and provide root cause and corrective action to design and process issues

Qualifications You Must Have:

•
Must be pursuing Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Electrical or related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) major and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

•
Must have a minimum of 60 hours of credit by the start of the internship / co-op session.

•
Coursework in one or more of the following areas: circuit design, digital electronics, lab course work, PCB design and signal integrity.

Qualifications We Prefer:

•
Class projects, professional internships, or academic research demonstrating the ability to apply technical coursework.

•
Self-motivated problem solver with a positive attitude and willingness to learn.

What We Offer:

•
Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

•
Relocation Eligibility

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

•
Onsite : Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms