If you are an Engineering student looking for an opportunity to grow, Emerson has an exciting opportunity for you! Based in our Shakopee, MN location, as a Product Engineering Intern you will apply your technical background to solve problems, create action plans, track metrics, and assist with product and part transitions. This position will work cross-functionally with our design teams, manufacturing, supply chain, product managers, and customer care teams to keep operations moving smoothly.

In this Role, Your Responsibilities Will Be:

• Solve issues that impact Emerson’s ability to book, build, or ship product. Issues could range from technological challenges, supply chain shortages, customs issues, quality concerns, etc. We need an out of the box thinker to work in this fast passed landscape.

• Assist with product and part transitions. Whether we’re replacing an end-of-life part, making changes to ensure compliance with an environmental regulation, or making product improvements, we need your help keeping the team on track.

• Track metrics and analyse timelines to develop and adjust project schedules.

• Analyse global environmental regulations and develop action plans to ensure compliance.

Who You Are:

You are organized, flexible, communicate well, and learn quickly. You can arrange and filter a large amount of complex data into its key elements. You can stay calm and collected and adjust course when things don’t go as planned. You are not afraid to work with highly experienced subject matter experts in their fields; you learn from and incorporate their knowledge into plans and processes.

For This Role, You Will Need:

• Pursuing a bachelor’s in engineering

• Zero (0) years of related experience

• Ability to work full-time (40 hours) per week in-person

• Legal authorization to work in the United States

Preferred Qualifications that Set You Apart:

• GPA of 3.0 or above

• Prior internship experience

• Strong written and verbal communication skills

Our Commitment and Culture to You:

At Emerson, we prioritize a workplace where every employee is valued, respected, and empowered to grow. We foster an environment that encourages innovation, collaboration, and diverse perspectives – because we know that great ideas come from great teams. Our commitment to ongoing career development and growing an inclusive culture ensures you have the support to thrive. Whether through mentorship, training, or leadership opportunities, we invest in your success so you can make a lasting impact. We believe diverse teams working together are key to driving growth a delivering business result.

We recognize the importance of employee wellbeing. Our culture prioritizes work-life balance and offers flexible time off plans, including monthly housing allowance, paid holidays, employee choice hours, paid sick time, and paid volunteer time. You will also get hands-on experience, professional development, and networking opportunities in our well-established and structured internship program. There are also easy to access on-site cafeterias, fitness facilities, employee resource groups, recognition, and much more.

Hourly Pay Rate: $24.00 - $28.00

WHY EMERSON

Our Commitment to Our People

At Emerson, we are motivated by a spirit of collaboration that helps our diverse, multicultural teams across the world drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter, and more sustainable. And we want you to join us in our bold aspiration.

We have built an engaged community of inquisitive, dedicated people who thrive knowing they are welcomed, trusted, celebrated, and empowered to solve the world’s most complex problems — for our customers, our communities, and the planet. You’ll contribute to this vital work while further developing your skills through our award-winning employee development programs. We are a proud corporate citizen in every city where we operate and are committed to our people, our communities, and the world at large. We take this responsibility seriously and strive to make a positive impact through every endeavor.

At Emerson, you’ll see firsthand that our people are at the center of everything we do. So, let’s go. Let’s think differently. Learn, collaborate, and grow. Seek opportunity. Push boundaries. Be empowered to make things better. Speed up to break through. Let’s go, together.

Work Authorization

Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1(including those with OPT or CPT) , H-1, H-2, L-1, B, J or TN, or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.

Accessibility Assistance or Accommodation

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, please contact: idisability.administrator@emerson.com .

ABOUT EMERSON

Emerson is a global leader in automation technology and software. Through our deep domain expertise and legacy of flawless execution, Emerson helps customers in critical industries like life sciences, energy, power and renewables, chemical and advanced factory automation operate more sustainably while improving productivity, energy security and reliability.

With global operations and a comprehensive portfolio of software and technology, we are helping companies implement digital transformation to measurably improve their operations, conserve valuable resources and enhance their safety.

We offer equitable opportunities, celebrate diversity, and embrace challenges with confidence that, together, we can make an impact across a broad spectrum of countries and industries. Whether you’re an established professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring possibilities, or a recent graduate with an advanced degree, you’ll find your chance to make a difference with Emerson. Join our team – let’s go!

No calls or agencies please.