Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. The Keysight Spectrum Management Software (KSMS) team, based at our headquarters in Santa Rosa, CA, is looking for a motivated student interested in gaining hands-on experience in spectrum monitoring software. As an intern, you will have the opportunity to contribute across the full development cycle—from algorithm development and implementation to software development and final system integration. You will work with different software stacks, including frontend and backend technologies, and gain practical experience applying engineering concepts to real-world, high-tech products. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams across Application Engineering, Product Management, and various R&D organizations. With team members and partners located across the globe, this role offers valuable exposure to both the technical and collaborative aspects of working in a global high-tech environment. This is an exciting opportunity for a student who is passionate about signal processing, software development, and advanced wireless/RF technologies, and who wants to gain meaningful industry experience while contributing to real-world engineering projects. Responsibilities Implement small features/bug fixes in the frontend, middleware and backend, following existing patterns Write unit/E2E tests and participate in code review Document work and present progress at end-of-internship demo Qualifications Experience with frontend development using Angular or React and TypeScript. Experience with C++ programming. Familiarity with web services and REST APIs. Strong understanding of UI/UX principles, with an ability to create simple, clean, intuitive, and easy-to-use user interfaces. Open to Bachelor's or Master's Degree level candidates. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. MIN $32.77 to MAX $43.42 Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***