Job Description

• Analyzes client banking needs to identify gaps, assess opportunities for products and services, and ensure comprehensive solutions.
• Educates clients on features and benefits of products, leveraging tools and resources to demonstrate concepts and provide financial knowledge.
• Executes banking transactions and administrative tasks, documenting client interactions accurately and maintaining adherence to service experience standards.
• Implements client follow up strategies, participates in branch initiatives, and identifies cross selling and referral opportunities to support acquisition and client relationship expansion.
• Executes advisor tasks within established guidelines, requiring minimal analysis or problem solving.
• Applies sound judgement to make decisions on assigned tasks, guided by established protocols and guidelines.
• Resolves routine advisor related problems by applying analytical skills and escalates non routine or complex issues when necessary.
• Develops and nurtures strong relationships with key stakeholders, including team members, managers, and clients, to achieve individual goals and contribute to team objectives.

Job Skills
Advice Based Solutions, Client Centricity, Client Discovery, Communication, Critical Thinking, Curious Mindset, Data Analysis, Digital Literacy

Additional Job Details

Address:

1139 MAYOR MAGRATH DR S:LETHBRIDGE

City:

Lethbridge

Country:

Canada

Work hours/week:

37.5

Employment Type:

Full time

Platform:

PERSONAL & COMMERCIAL BANKING

Job Type:

Regular

Pay Type:

Salaried

Posted Date:

2026-09-22

Application Deadline:

2026-10-01
Note : Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Our Employment Opportunities

At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com .

RBC is presently inviting candidates to apply for this existing vacancy. Applying to this posting allows you to express your interest in this current career opportunity at RBC. Qualified applicants may be contacted to review their resume in more detail.