Line of Service
Assurance

Industry/Sector
Not Applicable

Specialism
Conduct and Compliance

Management Level
Associate

Job Description & Summary

At PwC Canada, we’re more than a professional services firm— we’re a community of solvers tackling the world’s most important problems. As a co-op in our Risk Services practice, you’ll be part of a diverse, inclusive team that values your perspective and empowers you to make a real impact. You’ll build relationships, gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies, and contribute to work that matters—whether it’s helping clients navigate complex challenges or driving trust in their reporting.

Throughout your co-op term, you’ll be supported by experienced professionals and exposed to our innovative AI and digital tools to help you build future-ready capabilities in data, technology, and business acumen. You’ll also gain firsthand experience of busy season and see how risk assurance work unfolds in real time. Whether you're working from a PwC office, a client site, or remotely, you’ll be part of a collaborative environment that encourages curiosity and continuous learning. Grow here, go further.

The Opportunity: Data Enablement

At PwC, our people in data and analytics focus on leveraging data to drive insights and helping our clients make informed business decisions. A career in our Data Enablement practice, within Risk Services, will provide you with the opportunity to empower our business partners (external clients and other PwC operational units) to solve the problems that matter using data-driven insights. Being human-led, tech-powered, we put the right controls, processes, and structures in place, so our people and clients make confident, data-backed decisions to deliver on our promise of trust.

In this role, you will:

•
Assurance Development : Redefine how PwC delivers the audit of tomorrow by building a strong understanding of commonly used client information systems (ERPs) to develop automated solutions to problems encountered by existing engagement teams.

•
Specialised Assurance: Engage with clients in highly specialised assurance tasks, using advanced data analysis and automation to deliver results. Includes testing of key client reports, testing over client's ERP system conversions, creating Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) pipelines and developing solutions for industry specific assurance.

•
Data Analysis : Help clients manage their data better and feel confident that the information generated from their business data is reliable and can help them make the right business decisions using advanced data analysis techniques and capabilities.

•
Acquire Data: Work with clients to understand and set up and optimize the process to acquire comprehensive datasets used as the foundation of PwC's audits. This includes implementing the cutting-edge technology (such as PwC Extract) for data extraction and transformation to facilitate end to end automation.

With connectivity being a key enabler of our strategy, our objective is to become the most connected firm - connected to our clients, our communities and to each other. PwC follows an Activity Based Work model, where our PwC professionals engage in a diverse range of activities from our offices, from client sites, or our home.

Experiences and Skills You’ll Use to Solve:

•
Enrolled in post-secondary education and working to obtain the Canadian CPA required prerequisite courses

•
Motivated to learn about technologies, IT practices and standards, infrastructure-related best-practices in the areas of security and IT, as well as IT control frameworks

•
Motivated to learn programming languages such as Python, SQL and utilizing advanced data-platforms such as Databricks

•
Motivated to learn about analyzing the impact of data and IT risks and internal controls on organizations’ financial, strategic, and operational objectives

•
Proven ability to manage multiple tasks in a dynamic and constantly evolving environment

•
Recognized strong analytical, conceptualization, and problem-solving skills

•
Ability to work independently or as part of a team

•
Strong skills in prioritization and problem-solving

•
Excellente maîtrise du français exigée

Note: We only allow you to submit one application; however you are able to select a second and third office preference.

Please note:

• Apply before our applications close on September 30th. To learn about our application process, visit our Applying to PwC page on our campus recruitment website.

• This position is eligible for PwC Canada’s Award and Mentorship Programs.

•

Why you’ll love PwC:

• Personalized Benefits & Wellbeing: Choose flexible health, dental, vision, life, and disability coverage. Access mental health support ($3,500 annually), virtual care, and up to a $750 lifestyle account for wellness, fitness, and personal growth.

• Invest in Your Future: Boost your retirement savings with employer matching and take advantage of financial planning resources and banking programs.

• Growth & Learning: Unlock coaching, mentoring, and clear career paths to help you reach your potential.

• Time off to focus on what matters most: Enjoy up to 31 paid days off including summer and winter office closures, substitute a public holiday to observe your religious holiday, or take part in international remote work options to extend your time abroad,

• Inclusive, Purpose-Driven Culture: Join a diverse, supportive team where you can be your authentic self, build lifelong relationships, and help shape tomorrow.

PwC Canada acknowledges that we work and live across Turtle Island, on the land that is now known as Canada, which are the lands of the ancestral, treaty and unceded territories of the First Nations, Métis and Inuit Peoples. We recognize the systemic racism, colonialism and oppression that Indigenous Peoples have experienced and still go through, and we commit to allyship and solidarity.

Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:

Degrees/Field of Study preferred:

Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)

Required Skills

Optional Skills
Accepting Feedback, Accepting Feedback, Active Listening, Agile Methodology, Alteryx (Automation Platform), Automation, Automation Framework Design and Development, Automation Programming, Automation Solutions, Automation System Efficiency, Business Analysis, Business Performance Management, Business Process Automation (BPA), Business Transformation, C++ Programming Language, Communication, Configuration Management (CM), Continuous Process Improvement, Daily Scrum, Data Analytics, Data Architecture Development, Data-Driven Insights, Data Ingestion, Data Reporting, Data Transformation {+ 29 more}

Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)

Travel Requirements
Not Specified

Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No

Government Clearance Required?
No

Job Posting End Date

We’re committed to providing accommodation throughout the application, interview, and employment process. If you require accommodation to be at your best, please let us know during the application process.

The use of artificial intelligence (AI) in recruiting is just getting started, so we know you have questions about how and why we use it. At certain points during our recruiting process, we rely on AI to improve your experience. This could be during resume review or curating personalized job recommendations, asking you clarifying questions via a chatbot or during our interview scheduling to improve your experience. Our use of AI helps ensure we combat bias by evaluating candidates equally and fairly, without seeing identity information, such as your name, or gender for example). AI also helps us better predict successful hires by reviewing all applicants for a role and the relationship between your skills, experience and likely success at PwC Canada. While AI supports parts of our recruitment process, final hiring decisions always involve human review. For more information about our use and protection of your data, please refer to our Privacy Policy (https://www.pwc.com/ca/en/privacy-policy.html).

Nous tenons à répondre à vos besoins tout au long du processus de demande d’emploi, d’entrevue et d’embauche. Si vous avez besoin de mesures d’adaptation pour être parfaitement à l’aise, faites-le-nous savoir à l’étape de la demande d’emploi.

L’utilisation de l’intelligence artificielle (IA) dans le domaine du recrutement en est à ses balbutiements. Nous savons que vous pourriez vous demander comment et pourquoi nous y avons recours. À certains stades de notre processus de recrutement, nous comptons sur l’IA pour améliorer votre expérience. Par exemple, pendant l’examen du curriculum vitæ ou l’élaboration d’une liste de recommandations personnalisées, un agent conversationnel pourrait vous demander des précisions ou fixer avec vous un rendez-vous pour l’entrevue. L’IA nous aide à mieux lutter contre les préjugés, car l’évaluation des candidats se fait de façon juste et équitable, sans que les informations d’identification comme le nom ou le sexe soient connues. Elle nous permet également de mieux repérer les bons candidats pour un poste et d’évaluer le lien entre leurs compétences, leur expérience et leurs chances de réussir chez PwC Canada. Bien que l’IA facilite certaines étapes de notre processus de recrutement, les décisions finales d’embauche sont toujours prises par des personnes. Pour en savoir plus sur l’utilisation et la protection de vos données personnelles, consultez notre politique sur la protection des renseignements confidentiels (https://www.pwc.com/ca/fr/privacy-policy.html).