Company
Federal Reserve Bank of New York

When you work at the New York Fed, you have the opportunity to make an impact in our communities and across the nation. Our mission-driven, curious, and dedicated colleagues apply their diverse perspectives and unique talents to support the strength of the U.S. economy and stability of the global financial system.

At the Bank, we work full-time onsite with our teams. We believe being physically together allows us to draw on our collective strengths, while recognizing that the ability to work flexibly from time to time remains important to achieving our mission.

Program Description:

The Sophomore Career Exploration Internship gives undergraduate sophomores the opportunity to gain valuable work experience at a unique institution. Through dynamic, project-based work assignments and professional development activities, students get:

•
A cohort-based learning model with a strong sense of community

•
Real-world experience that helps them build strong skills and knowledge in their area of interest

•
The chance to contribute to meaningful work that makes an impact on the lives of all Americans

•
Opportunities to meet, network with, and work alongside our mission-driven, curious colleagues—all of whom are happy to share their experiences and advice

•
An experienced professional mentor to support them throughout the program

•
Access to learning events with senior leaders from the New York Fed, giving them direct insight into the public service and financial services world

Sophomore interns work in one specific business area or function for ten weeks , and have access to opportunities for collaboration with other students and employees from around the Bank.

At the end of the program, students leave with strong skills, professional connections, and meaningful experiences that will support them in their long-term careers.

Our Unique Work:

The Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Statistics Function provides critical data capabilities in support of a safe and sound financial system. The Function manages the ingestion and quality assurance of financial and organizational data from domestic and foreign depository institutions, capital market participants, and bank holding companies. 

How You’ll Make an Impact as a Research & Statistics Intern (Sophomore)

•
Supports critical financial/organizational structure data capture, quality assurance, and analysis for data collections on behalf of a wide range of internal and external stakeholders

•
Conducts data analysis and visualization, as needed, to support client outputs

The Unique Skill Sets We’re Looking For:

•
A demonstrated interest in finance, data science, accounting, economics, capital markets, business, or operational management with a strong academic record and passion for data analysis. 

•
Demonstrated working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (e.g., Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and familiarity with Tableau, PowerBuilder, Python and R.

•
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.

  To Apply: Please include an unofficial transcript. The application deadline is September 2 8 th , 2026 (11:59 PM EST) * . This is a paid internship. Please note, summer housing is not provided. Expected graduation between Winter 2028 Spring 2029.

Other Things to Know:

Salary Range: Your regular wages for the 10 weeks will be paid on a semi-monthly basis and will be calculated based on an annual salary of $65,600

We believe in transparency at the New York Fed. This salary range reflects a variety of skills and experiences candidates may bring to the job. We pay individuals along this range based on their unique backgrounds. Whether you’re stretching into the job or are a more seasoned candidate, we aim to pay competitively for your contributions . 

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information (CSI) and/or Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) information. Access to CSI and FOMC information is limited to U.S. citizens, lawful permanent residents, individuals who meet the definition of “protected individual” under 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3), and certain other nonimmigrants. All non-U.S. citizens authorized to access CSI and/or FOMC information must sign a declaration of intent to expeditiously become a lawful permanent resident and thereafter a U.S. citizen when eligible.   

Our culture is deeply grounded in our Touchstone Behaviors . By working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to develop and demonstrate your ability to Communicate Authentically, Collaborate Inclusively, Drive Progress, Develop Others, and Take Ownership. These competencies shape our culture here at the Bank. They also provide a shared language for how we work together and achieve success, and set clear expectations for leading with impact at every stage of your career. Learn more.  

Apply now if you’re ready to join us in strengthening the U.S. economy together. Want to consider our other opportunities? Click here to see all our open roles.

The New York Fed expects its employees to perform their duties with honesty, integrity, and impartiality, and without improper preferential treatment of any person. Learn more about our code of conduct and conflicts of interest rules.  

   

We value accessibility for all candidates and are happy to provide an accommodation or assistance . Please email us at ny.leaves@ny.frb.org and we’ll be glad to help. Please note, this email box is designed exclusively to assist job applicants with accommodation requests. All other inquires, including the status of applications, will not receive a response.

 

This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, performance standards or requirements, efforts, skills or working conditions associated with the job. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job, management reserves the right to revise the job or to require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change. 

Full Time / Part Time
Full time

Regular / Temporary
Temporary

Job Exempt (Yes / No)
No

Job Category
Internship Family Group

Work Shift
First (United States of America)

The Federal Reserve Banks are committed to equal employment opportunity for employees and job applicants in compliance with applicable law and to an environment where employees are valued for their differences.

Always verify and apply to jobs on Federal Reserve System Careers ( https://rb.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/FRS ) or through verified Federal Reserve Bank social media channels.

Privacy Notice