Date Posted:
2026-09-22&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-MA-TEWKSBURY-TB1 ~ 50 Apple Hill Dr ~ ASSABET BLDG&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
Active and transferable U.S. government issued security clearance is required prior to start date.​ U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance​&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
DoD Clearance: Secret&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Ability to obtain INTERIM U.S. government issued security clearance is required prior to start date

At RTX, the world's largest aerospace and defense company, 185,000 great minds are united by purpose and inspired to make a difference solving the world’s most complex problems. With our three market leading businesses, world-class operations and investments in research and development, we offer capabilities and opportunity no one else can. Together, we push the boundaries of known science and find new ways to connect and protect our world.

Raytheon brings the strength of more than 100 years of experience and renowned engineering expertise to meet the needs of today’s mission and stay ahead of tomorrow’s threat. We deliver solutions that help our nation and allies defend freedoms and deter aggression, creating a safer, more secure world. Join us and help shape the future of aerospace and defense.

We have an opportunity for an electrical engineer who is seeking to utilize their strong academic background and experience in RF/Microwave system theory and design, including architectures, subsystems, components and Active Electronically Steered Antennas (AESAs).

What You Will Do:

• Design of RF microwave components and phased array applications

• Integration and test of component level and system level phased array hardware

• Hands-on experience with electromagnetic simulation tools such as HFSS, ADS, CST, Mentor Graphics’ Xpedition and analytical tools such as Matlab

What You Will Learn:

• Microwave/RF system, subsystem and component analysis, design and test

Qualifications You Must Have:

• Must be pursuing a Bachelor’s or graduate degree in Electrical Engineering or related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) major.

What We Offer

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

• Relocation Eligibility

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

Onsite : Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms