ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD Intern/Co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Austin, TX or Boxborough, MA; summer only: Fishkill, NY; Fort Collins, CO or Longmont, CO Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring/Summer Co-op: January 25, 2027 – August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Schools: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2026 Quarter Schools: June 21, 2027 – September 10, 2027 Summer/Fall Co-op: Semester Schools: May 24, 2027 – December 10, 2027 Quarter Schools: June 21, 2027 – December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING: As an intern, be part of AMD’s groundbreaking engineering team and you will – Work on a compiler for the P4 language targeting a domain-specific architecture implemented in our family of ASICs. Contribute to the build and development of the compiler, which is based on open-source software such as LLVM and P4C and is architected based on new and efficient software design principles and methodologies. Collaborate with both compiler customers and the dedicated ASIC team building the target ASICs. Receive mentorship from senior engineers with a wealth of experience for your skill improvement. WHO WE’RE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a US based University in a Bachelor's program majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering. or a related field. If you have knowledge/experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Proficient in object-oriented languages, with a preference for C++. Coursework or previous experience in compilers, data structures, and programming languages. Open-minded teammate who can work in a geographically dispersed team. Familiarity with GitHub and CI/CD methodologies is a plus. Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.