Description Are you interested in learning more about the fields of data storage and visualization? Do you love the challenge of designing and developing solutions to data-driven problems? Do you care deeply about the mission of the United States Navy and want to make an immediate and significant impact? We are seeking a Computer Engineering intern ready to take on new challenges with us as we seek to modernize our approach to data analysis and visualization. You will join a team of multidisciplinary staff who are developing innovative approaches for analyzing performance of deployed and future strategic deterrent weapon systems. As a member of our team, you will… Learn and maintain our legacy software applications with an eye towards modernization. Prototype innovative approaches to manage and present data, applying database and engineering tools such as SQL Server, MATLAB/Simulink, Python, and integrating Artificial Intelligence. Work with multidisciplinary teams to develop sensor and data acquisition systems to support data collection during in-house and field testing. Work with software engineers and analysts to develop software in an Agile team setting using GitLab, Jira, etc. Prepare technical reports and brief presentations to internal staff and sponsors. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field. Have experience in multiple programming languages including C++, C#, Python, MATLAB, JavaScript, etc. Have a passion for programming and analysis and are excited to learn about databases and visualization techniques. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Have previous professional experience (e.g., internships) as a Computer or Software Engineer, particularly with a focus on databases and/or visualization. Have experience with Machine Learning applications. Have an active Secret or Top Secret security clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly