Job descriptions may display in multiple languages based on your language selection.

What we offer:

At Magna, you can expect an engaging and dynamic environment where you can help to develop industry-leading automotive technologies. We invest in our employees, providing them with the support and resources they need to succeed. As a member of our global team, you can expect exciting, varied responsibilities as well as a wide range of development prospects. Because we believe that your career path should be as unique as you are.

Group Summary:

Transforming mobility. Making automotive technology that is smarter, cleaner, safer and lighter. That’s what we’re passionate about at Magna Electronics, and we do it by creating world-class Electronic systems. We are a premier supplier for the global automotive industry with full capabilities in design, development, testing and manufacturing of complex Electronic systems. Our name stands for quality, environmental consciousness, and safety. Innovation is what drives us and we drive innovation. Dream big and create the future of mobility at Magna Electronics.

Job Responsibilities:

About the Role:

Co-op placements offer valuable real-world experience by integrating academic learning with practical work in a professional setting. These opportunities allow students to apply theoretical knowledge in a practical context, develop essential industry skills, and gain insights into their chosen field. If you feel Magna Electronics is a suitable place to work, please complete a Job Posting Application, along with the department you are looking for!

Your responsibilities:

• Conduct research and analysis to support team initiatives.

• Collaborate with team members on projects.

• Participate in team meetings and contribute ideas.

• Prepare reports and presentations as needed.

• Complete other duties as assigned by your supervisor.

Who We are looking for:

Disciplined, Action Oriented, Attends to Details, Communicates Effectively, Copes with Deadlines, Exercises Judgment, Follows Through, Mathematical Aptitude, Multi-Tasks, Results Orientated, Adaptable, Analytical, Follows through, Mathematical Aptitude, Multi-Tasks, Results Oriented, Adaptable, Analytical, Approachable, Dependable, Driven, Responsible, Team-Worker, Time conscious, Works with Minimal Supervision

Your Preferred qualifications:

Accommodations for disabilities in relation to the job selection process are available upon request.

Candidates will be required to complete a Criminal Records Check and, if deemed necessary, a Credit Check as part of the candidate selection process.

Special Knowledge / Skills:

• Proficient Computer knowledge and skills, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

• Professional Communication skills (written and verbal)

Physical Demands / Work Environment:

• Normal amount of sitting or standing, average mobility to move around an office environment, able to conduct normal amount of work at a computer.

Awareness, Unity, Empowerment:

At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email or traditional mail to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.

AI-Assisted Screening Disclosure

As part of our commitment to a fair, consistent, and efficient recruitment process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the initial screening of applications submitted through our Workday system. These tools help identify qualifications and experience that align with the role requirements. Please note that AI is used solely to support our recruiters. Final decisions are always made by the hiring manager and the hiring team. Importantly, no applicant data is shared externally through these AI tools. All information remains securely within our systems and is handled in accordance with our privacy and data protection policies.

Under conditions defined by applicable law, you may have the right to request an explanation of how AI is used to support decision-making.

If you have any questions or concerns about this process, feel free to contact our Talent Attraction team.

Worker Type:

Student / Co-Op

Group:

Magna Electronics