ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology can change lives for the better. It can heal us, entertain us, and make us more connected, productive, and understanding of the world around us. And we’re looking for talent who feel the same: people who want to leave the planet better than they found it, those who don’t shy away from humanity’s challenges but are determined to help solve them. AMD is powering the next generation of supercomputing, high-performance computing, cloud, and AI. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or creating go-to-market plans, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Calgary, Alberta, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time 37.5 hrs a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Duration: 12 Months: May 03, 2027 to April 21, 2028 16 Months: May 03, 2027 to August 18, 2028 WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING:  Product management careers lie at the intersection of customer wants, business goals, and technology development. We gain understanding multiple fields to deliver comprehensive strategies and roadmaps while ensuring they align with our fiscal needs. Our team interacts with customers to provide requirements to the engineering teams. We are seeking a highly motivated Product Management intern/co-op to join our team. In this role – Collaborate with Engineering and Solution partners, engaging in iterative discussions to develop and deliver innovative solutions that meet evolving market demands. Conduct comprehensive market research to identify emerging market opportunities, using insights to drive product development efforts from conceptualization to production. Deliver technical roadmaps in concise and accessible formats tailored to diverse audiences, ranging from technically adept clients to executive partners. Special projects ranging from maintaining GitHub repositories, managing a docs-as-code style website, simple scripting for productivity, building CI/CD infrastructure etc. Learn AMD and our competitor’s hardware roadmaps to gain understanding of new technologies in high performance computing Learn basics of computation on GPU, networking, storage and clustering. You will get opportunities to learn the basics of HIP programming. Take pride in your impact on AMD’s GPU software roadmap. Our open-source software is relevant to many industries, and you can easily leave your mark. WHO WE’RE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a Canada based University into a Bachelor's Degree program majoring in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field. If you have knowledge/experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Broad knowledge across various areas but willingness to build deeper expertise in a specific field. You’ve undertaken projects, either in academia, at work, or in your personal time, that demonstrate your proficiency with technology. Involvement in open source projects (remember to include links to your GitHub repositories) Insight into business: How can we make money from this? Is it worth the effort? You understand what makes a business tick Exposure to AI and data sciences software ecosystems Computer architecture concepts especially are parallel computing Software architecture concepts from firmware, O/S, drivers, libraries and user programs Version control via git Object oriented programming languages C++, Python Scripting language such as bash Markdown and other markup formats for documentation Experience in Linux/Unix environment Machine learning algorithms and frameworks Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.