Description Are you passionate about learning how things work and making them better? Do you want the chance to push the boundaries of cyber defense? Are you excited about working with others to solve some of the nation’s toughest cyber challenges? If you’re pursuing a degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or a cybersecurity-related field, we’d love to have you join our team! We are seeking an intern to help us pursue new and innovative ways to enhance our nation’s cyber capabilities and improve task efficiency. We care about making a real-world impact and solving the operational needs of the U.S. government agencies and military organizations that we serve. As a member of our team you will... Be mentored by top experts to learn the art and science of developing cyber capabilities Collaborate with full-time staff and other interns to design and implement applications that address new and unsolved sponsor problems Develop novel approaches to solving cybersecurity challenges in operational environments Explore promising new research areas and seek ways to apply ideas to today’s problems Share approaches and methods with others team members, APL management, and government decision makers Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications if you... Are enrolled in a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD program in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other cybsecurity related technical degree Have experience developing software using Java/Kotlin, Python, C#, Rust, Go, JavaScript/TypeScript, C/C++, or equivalent Have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, excellent interpersonal and communication skills, good organizational skills, and the ability to work in teams Have a 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 GPA scale Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Top Secret Clearance. If selected, you will be subjected to a government security investigation, and you should meet the eligibility requirements for access to classified information up to the Top Secret level. Eligibility requirements include US citizenship You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Can apply software development skills to different domains and subject matters Have knowledge of AI/ML, Agentic AI, and/or AI-enabled cyber methodologies Have experience in DevSecOps, and/or network security and systems integration Have experience in conducting research, development, and testing of cyber capabilities About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly