Date Posted:
2026-09-24&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-IA-BELLEVUE-186 ~ 1500 State St ~ STATE&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract.&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

Collins Aerospace is a leader in technologically advanced, intelligent solutions that help redefine the aerospace and defense industry. With a comprehensive portfolio and deep technical expertise, we help customers meet the demands of the global market. Join us and help shape the future of aerospace and defense.

What You Will Do:

• Immerse yourself in a full-time, Monday-Friday co-op session that will run from January to August 2027. (It is expected that students will take a semester off from coursework to fully engage in this mentorship opportunity.)

• Work directly with our manufacturing production floor employees, including test technicians, operators, inspectors, and quality personnel, to solve day-to-day issues and proactively work on longer-term projects to eliminate recurring issues.

• Analyze test failures to determine root causes and corrective actions, partnering with our onsite advanced and industry-leading component evaluation lab.

• Assist in developing and preparing test and diagnostic programs to support the troubleshooting of test failures.

• Collaborate with Electrical Engineers and Test Technicians to conduct studies addressing product and test system issues.

What You Will Learn:

• Work side by side with our Manufacturing Electrical Engineers (and other engineering functions) to gain firsthand electrical engineering experience and learn broad aspects of engineering in a manufacturing test environment.

• Develop the skills to troubleshoot and resolve a variety of manufacturing and manufacturing test issues, including test system problems, product concerns, and vendor quality issues.

• Strengthen your ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional teams through various day-to-day tasks and projects.

• Build critical time management and prioritization skills necessary for success in the engineering field.

• Learn about planning the sequence of operations, creating manufacturing documents, developing standard work guidelines, and establishing product routings.

Qualifications You Must Have:

• Must be pursuing a Bachelor’s or advanced degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

• Relevant experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

What We Offer:

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX, we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

Learn More & Apply Now:

Please ensure the role type defined below is appropriate for your needs before applying to this role. This position is classified as:

Onsite: Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms