Job Description:

DXC Technology is looking for a Cyber Security Intern to join Risk & Data Governance projects.

Responsibilities

You will work within our Cyber Risk & Governance practice , contributing to regulatory, compliance, and risk‑management activities across enterprise environments.

Your work will focus on major European regulatory frameworks, including: DORA and NIS2

You will support:

• Regulatory requirement analysis and definition of security controls.

• Cyber and IT risk governance activities.

• Collaboration with technical and business teams to implement required measures.

Requirements

• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Cybersecurity, Cyber Risk and Governance, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or similar.

• Strong interest in risk management, compliance, and security governance.

• Analytical mindset, attention to detail, and teamwork attitude.

• Good command of English.

Work Location: Milan with smart working possibility

Why Join Us

The position offers a curricular internship and based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, including responsability, experience and skills.
Continuous Learning Access learning platforms and take part in skill development programs designed for you.

Career Development DXC promotes professional growth and internal mobility by making every open position accessible to all employees. Through the Performance Development program, the company supports individual aspirations to achieve shared goals together.

Our Way of Working At DXC, we believe that strong connections and collaboration drive success. Our hybrid work model combines flexibility with in-person teamwork — empowering you to perform at your best while maintaining balance and wellbeing.

We’re proud to foster an inclusive, equitable and diverse workplace where everyone can thrive.

#LI-Hybrid

At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.

Recruitment fraud is a scheme in which fictitious job opportunities are offered to job seekers typically through online services, such as false websites, or through unsolicited emails claiming to be from the company. These emails may request recipients to provide personal information or to make payments as part of their illegitimate recruiting process. DXC does not make offers of employment via social media networks and DXC never asks for any money or payments from applicants at any point in the recruitment process, nor ask a job seeker to purchase IT or other equipment on our behalf. More information on employment scams is available here .