Honeywell Technologies: Build What Matters

At Honeywell Technologies, you can work on technology that helps make the world safer, smarter, and more efficient. We are a global automation company focused on helping customers run critical operations safely, reliably, and efficiently, with about $17B in 2025 sales, 54,000 employees, roughly 600 sites, and headquarters in Charlotte, NC.

Work on practical innovation.

Honeywell Technologies is moving from automation toward autonomy by combining AI, controls, connected data, and domain expertise to help assets work harder, people work smarter, and processes run more efficiently.

Grow with purpose.

At Honeywell Technologies, you can grow your career and network by contributing to the company’s success. Join a customer obsessed culture built on respect, collaboration, diverse perspectives, continuous learning, individual well-being, and celebrating achievement.

Be part of a culture that values people.

Our people are at the heart of what we do, with an emphasis on impact, representing Honeywell with pride, bringing diverse perspectives, and solving problems with curiosity and resilience.

Shape the future by making what matters better.

ABOUT THE ROLE:

At Honeywell Technologies, the Embedded Engineer develops and implements the software of embedded devices and systems. They are also responsible for the analysis and monitoring of the efficiency and stability of a system. They develop and implement embedded devices and systems and support software quality assurance while optimizing I/O performance. The Embedded Software Engineer develops codes, tests, and troubleshoots system software. They are the designers of the first layer of code that runs on a device and need a full comprehension of its hardware.

Location: This position is available in multiple locations across the United States.

The exact worksite location will be selected based on business requirements and the candidate’s relevant experience and qualifications.

The hourly base range for this position is $24.00/hr - $45.00/hr. Please note that this salary information serves as a general guideline. Honeywell considers various factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to the scope and responsibilities of the position, the candidate's work experience, education and training, key skills, as well as market and business considerations.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

• Currently pursuing a bachelor’s degree (or higher) from an accredited college or university in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or similar field

• Must graduate December 2027 or later

• Must continue enrollment in degree program upon completion of the internship

• Validated academic excellence (3.0 GPA and higher)

Honeywell Technologies is currently unable to consider applicants who would require current or future sponsorship for employment authorization for this position. Candidates must be authorized to legally work in the United States without current or future sponsorship requirements.

WE VALUE:

• Embedded systems development using C/C++, ADA, or similar language

• Knowledge of software configuration management

• Experience/knowledge of Matlab, Simulink, LabView, Python

Interning at Honeywell Technologies provides hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies, professional development, and mentorship within a global organization. Interns will receive relocation benefits and short-term housing if they are 50 miles or more from their assigned work location (excluding Puerto Rico and Canada).

The application period for the intern position is estimated to be through the end of March 2027; however, this may be shortened or extended depending on business needs and the availability of qualified candidates.

#HoneywellURNAM