Description Are you looking for an internship with multiple projects focusing on innovative technology applications? Do you enjoy research and development that advances the state-of-the-art? If you are pursing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Doctoral degree in Electrical, Computer, or Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Physics and want to work on advanced sensor technologies, we would love to have you join our team! We are seeking candidates with relevant coursework and a desire to further develop skills in: Digital hardware, firmware, and FPGAs Advanced signal processing Mechanical design and analysis Power systems Real-time software and software architecture RF system design and technologies Phased arrays, antennas, and electromagnetics RF communications Radar systems and operation EO/IR sensor systems and operation Our team performs groundbreaking technical work, developing systems and the underlying technologies that enable important next-generation capabilities in radar, electronic warfare, and communications. We foster an environment that values technical collaboration. You will be paired with mentors and small teams to generate significant technical contributions. During your internship your skills may be applied to: Analysis of sensor technologies, subsystems, and new system concepts Fabrication and testing of experimental hardware Developing sophisticated algorithms and sensing techniques Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Doctoral degree in Electrical, Computer or Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Physics. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have a passion for thinking outside the box and bringing innovation into your everyday work. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have prior educational, intern, or research experience in the focus areas listed above. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly