Description The Space Science Electronics Group builds instruments and electronics systems that generate data used in scientific research. Our group of engineers brings technical expertise across all aspects of instrument development, including systems engineering, digital and analog electronics design, FPGA design, and software design. We work closely with engineers and scientists across the Laboratory to develop instruments for space, sub orbital, and balloon flight missions. Examples of our work include the instrument suite on the MESSENGER spacecraft, instruments for Europa Clipper, imagers on DART, and many other missions. We are currently developing instruments for Dragonfly and NOAA SOLAR missions. The instruments we build include magnetometers, optical imagers, particle instruments, and gamma-ray and neutron spectrometers. We are seeking engineering interns ready to take on new challenges with us as we lead APL efforts for space flight instrument production in support of scientific discovery. You will join our team of multi-disciplinary staff including electrical, computer, FPGA and software engineers in conjunction with our companion-group, Space Science Instrumentation, that provides the systems, optical, mechanical, structural, and thermal expertise. Together we design, build, test, and deliver science instruments to spacecraft missions throughout the NASA portfolio. As an intern in the Space Science Electronics group, you will: Assist in the design of electronics for space flight instruments and ground support equipment. Contribute to FPGA and embedded software development. Assemble, integrate, and test electronic hardware and instrument subsystems. Conduct laboratory testing, debug hardware and software, and verify performance. Prepare design documentation, test procedures, and presentations. Work closely with engineers and scientists in other disciplines and expertise. Present technical work and incorporate feedback from peers. Follow established engineering processes, quality standards, and configuration management practices for all types of hardware. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in electrical, computer, software engineering,or a closely related field. Have excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills, and have demonstrated success while working within a team environment. Have strong technical experience as demonstrated in at least one internship, research experience, or project outside of the classroom. Are willing and able to travel occasionally (5%) to facilities and sub-contractor sites. Are willing and able to support shift work occasionally (5%) during Integration and Test events. Able to ultimately obtain a Secret-level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you have ... Experience working on hardware design and development. Familiarity with schematic capture and circuit simulation tools Relevant space flight hardware experience. Leadership and organizational capabilities An active Secret or Top Secret security clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly