Description Do you have an interest in learning about Power Systems and Power Electronics? Are you passionate about Space? If you’re pursuing a degree in Electrical Engineering (or related technical field) and want to gain experience in Spacecraft Power Electronics and Power Systems we’d love to have you join the Spacecraft Power Engineering team! We are seeking an intern to join a hardworking team of engineers that develop and test power systems for space flight applications. As an intern, you will contribute to scientific missions like Dragonfly and development of technologies that enable future space systems. The Co-op/Intern term must meet the following criteria: Minimum term of 6 months Maximum term of 12 months Must complete the co-op/internship within a 12-month period Typically 1 or 2 semesters/quarters and 1 summer May not be 2 summers As a member of our Spacecraft Power Engineering Group (SEP)... Your primary responsibility will be to analyze, test, and deliver analog power electronics. You will work with full-time staff to learn to design and test electronic hardware. You will develop analysis and simulation skills. SEP’s mission is to design, test, and deliver reliable spacecraft power systems for APL’s space sector and broader space community that enable the tools to expand our knowledge of the universe. Our team aims to create an accountable and collaborative environment where individuals feel empowered to seek out critical challenges, to make discoveries, and to develop advancements in power electronics. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering (or related technical field) Have a minimum 3.3 GPA on a 4.0 scale Are available for a 6-month (minimum) term in Laurel, MD Are familiar with analog electrical circuit components and concepts Have prior employment or team-project experience in one of the group’s core competency areas: DC/DC and AC/DC Power Conversion DC Power Distribution Battery Packs Solar Arrays Power Systems Power Circuit or System Test Are familiar with basic laboratory equipment (oscilloscopes, meters, power supplies, etc.) To access APL’s facilities and networks, U.S. citizenship status is required, subject to applicable laws You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have experience with electrical design and simulation software Have experience with analysis software Have experience on a project team About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly