Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities As an Intern, you will apply your knowledge and skill acquired from coursework and research to help develop the next generation of architecture and heterogeneous integration of Keysight compound semiconductor IC’s. Process development efforts will focus in one or more areas related to dry etch, PECVD, automated wet etch, electroplating, lithography, metal deposition, as well as other fabrication and Die Fab processes. At the same time, you will gain and apply knowledge about Keysight's industry, infrastructure, and products in your assignment. This is an excellent opportunity to develop real world experience in a company that is a leader in the markets it serves. This is a longer-term internship with a minimum 6-month commitment. Qualifications Graduate student pursuing M.S. in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Material Science, Chemistry, or Physics. Experience with advanced semiconductor processes and devices is required and specific skills in III-V semiconductor processing is preferred. Hands-on lab experience in semiconductor lithography, deposition, etch, plasma processing, electroplating, wafer thinning, dicing, and sort is highly desired. Experience with statistical process control and design of experiments is highly valued. Candidates must have excellent interpersonal, problem solving, and communication skills for successful inter and intra-group interactions. Must be highly motivated to accomplish all the tasks required to meet aggressive product development schedules and world class manufacturing expectations. CA Pay Range- $43.27-$46.60 Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Candidates who wish to be considered must be enrolled in an accredited college/university as of September 2027. Applicants who have graduated before September 2027 will not be considered unless they are entering/applying to a MS or PHD program after graduating. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. This position requires access to certain goods, software, technology, or technical data subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations. Under these laws and regulations, U.S. persons (which includes U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, lawful permanent residents, refugees, and asylees) working for Keysight can access export-controlled items without authorization from the U.S. government. For any individual who is not a U.S. person, Keysight may need authorization from the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Commerce, or other appropriate federal agency before the individual can access export-controlled items. Employment in this position for non-U.S. persons is contingent on Keysight’s ability to obtain any required government authorizations. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***