Job Description

COO Operations Summer 2027 Analyst Program

WHAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY?

RBC Capital Markets is a premier investment bank that provides a focused set of products and services to corporations, institutional investors and governments around the world. With more than 7,100 professionals, we operate out of 70 offices in 15 countries across North America, the U.K., Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region.

We work with clients in over 100 countries around the globe to deliver the expertise and execution required to raise capital, access markets, mitigate risk and acquire or dispose of assets. According to Bloomberg and Dealogic, we are consistently ranked among the largest global investment banks.

RBC Capital Markets (RBCCM) is part of a leading provider of financial services, Royal Bank of Canada (RBC). Operating since 1869, RBC is one of the top 15 largest banks in the world and the fifth largest in North America, as measured by market capitalisation. With a strong capital base and consistent financial performance, RBC is among a small group of highly rated global banks.

COO Operations Summer 2027 Program

Internship opportunities exist within RBCCM for energetic, bright and talented undergraduate students. There are opportunities in a range of business support and product areas in COO Operations that suit the interests of driven and focused students looking for a career in Capital Markets.

While working and learning alongside our experienced technical professionals, Summer Interns are given various responsibilities relating to the many areas of support for the Futures Commission Merchant (FCM) within the Capital Markets division, as well as exposure to the products and services offered by the FCM.

The COO Operations Summer Program provides interns the opportunity to gain in-depth, hands-on experience while working and learning alongside our experienced professionals.

In selecting intern candidates, we look for well-rounded individuals with a track record of outstanding academic achievement, proven technical and analytical skills and a diversity of extracurricular activities. Other essential qualities we look for include strong oral and written communication skills, leadership qualities, initiative and the ability to play a key role as a team member in a fast-paced and challenging work environment.

Students will be provided with practical training, hands-on capital markets experience and career-building mentorship throughout the 10-week program.

WHAT WILL YOU DO?

COO Operations Summer Analysts have the opportunity to gain experience in one of the different areas of the Futures Commission Merchant working alongside experienced COO Operations professionals. Some of the areas that participate in the program: trading, clearing, client services, settlements, financial and regulatory reporting.

Summer Analysts obtain hands-on experience working alongside experienced business professionals, exposure to the different areas of capital markets and an understanding of RBC Capital Markets capabilities.

WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED?

• Bachelor’s Degree with a focus in Business, Economics, Finance, Mathematics, or related field

• Graduating December 2027 or Spring 2028

• Basic market knowledge and a demonstrated keen interest in the financial markets

• Strong analytical and personal skills

• Demonstrated problem-solving skills, business sense and the ability to multi-task and prioritize in high pressure environments

• Proficient with the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook

• Knowledge and experience in one or more of the following areas recommended: Customer Service, Accounting, Financial Planning/Analysis, Data Entry

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, think progressively, continue our growth, and deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our individual/collective potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

From this experience you would gain:

• Direct exposure and hands-on experience including opportunities to do challenging work

• Ability to make a difference and lasting impact

• Opportunity to connect with different Capital Markets businesses

• Ability to work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team

• Training including orientation sessions as well as an in-class curriculum and regular information sessions with key business leaders

The good-faith expected salary for the above position is $70,000 annualized depending on factors including but not limited to the candidate’s experience, skills, registration status; market conditions; and business needs. This position is non-exempt and paid at the equivalent hourly rate.

RBC’s compensation philosophy and principles recognize the importance of a highly qualified global workforce and plays a critical role in attracting, engaging, and retaining talent that:

• Drives RBC’s high-performance culture

• Enables collective achievement of our strategic goals

• Generates sustainable shareholder returns and above market shareholder value

Job Skills

Additional Job Details

Address:

111 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE, SUITE 3200:CHICAGO

City:

Chicago

Country:

United States of America

Work hours/week:

40

Employment Type:

Full time

Platform:

CAPITAL MARKETS

Job Type:

Student/Coop (Fixed Term)

Pay Type:

Salaried

Posted Date:

2026-09-09

Application Deadline:

2026-10-15
Note : Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Our Employment Opportunities

At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com .

RBC is presently inviting candidates to apply for this existing vacancy. Applying to this posting allows you to express your interest in this current career opportunity at RBC. Qualified applicants may be contacted to review their resume in more detail.