Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department Overview
Motorola Solutions creates innovative, mission-critical communication solutions and services that help public safety and commercial customers build safer cities and thriving communities around the world.We look for the most advanced problems solvers - like you - to help us create technologies that rise to the challenges of our customers. To connect firemen to policemen to emergency responders to nurses to specialists to lives saved. To protect communities, grow businesses and make work safer and more efficient.Motorola Solutions is looking for a self motivated individuals to help drive the next generation public safety experience, and to work with a team of top experienced professionals to enable mission critical services and solutions.

Job Description

This candidate will be responsible for the development and support of one or more capabilities within our RadioCentral Cloud Services team. Interns hired for this position will be working on creating features using microservices or web applications in a cloud based architecture.

Desired Skills:

• Team software development using Agile practices Microservices-based software architecture and containerization

• Web programming experience (Angular, JS, Node)

• Security concepts such as authentication, access control, authorization, cryptography, least privilege

• Cloud-based or embedded-computing software development experience Strong communication and problem solving skills

Basic Requirements

•
Working towards a Bachelor's or Master’s in Computer Engineering or Computer Science

•
You are a U.S. Citizen, U.S. permanent resident or possess other unrestricted US work authorization

Travel Requirements
None

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Intern

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.