Job descriptions may display in multiple languages based on your language selection.

What we offer:

At Magna, you can expect an engaging and dynamic environment where you can help to develop industry-leading automotive technologies. We invest in our employees, providing them with the support and resources they need to succeed. As a member of our global team, you can expect exciting, varied responsibilities as well as a wide range of development prospects. Because we believe that your career path should be as unique as you are.

Group Summary:

Cosma provides a comprehensive range of body, chassis and engineering solutions to global customers. Through our robust product engineering, outstanding tooling capabilities and diverse process expertise, we continue to bring lightweight and innovative products to market.

Job Responsibilities:

• die Arbeitsaufgabe umfasst die Installation, Inbetriebnahme und Betreuung von IT-Endgeräten bzw. -Systemen (z.B. Handy Betreuung, Telefonanlagen, Workstations, Netzwerkclients, Terminals, Drucker, SAP, vergleichbare Geräte) nach Vorgaben des Systemmanagements

• dazu gehören u.a. auch die Fehleranalyse mittels Testsoftware/Diagnosesystemen und das Beheben von Störungen (z. B. durch Softwareeinstellungen/-anpassungen, Hardware- / Komponentenwechsel) bzw. das Einschalten von internen/externen Stellen bei nicht selbst behebbaren Störungen der Infrastruktur für einen reibungslosen Betrieb der Unternehmen

• zur Installation gehört die Inbetriebnahme der Endgeräte/Systeme, die Installation der dazugehörigen Standard-Software, ggf. von Zusatzmodulen, nach den betrieblichen Spezifikationen sowie Dokumentation und Übergabe an den Anwender

• des Weiteren werden die Anwender über die Nutzungsmöglichkeiten der Endgeräte bzw. Systeme und der integrierten Software informiert. Dabei sind nach entsprechenden Kundenanforderungen auch spezifische Lösungen durch Hard- und Softwaremodifikationen nach Vorgaben des Systemmanagements zu realisieren

Awareness, Unity, Empowerment:

At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email or traditional mail to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.

AI-Assisted Screening Disclosure

As part of our commitment to a fair, consistent, and efficient recruitment process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the initial screening of applications submitted through our Workday system. These tools help identify qualifications and experience that align with the role requirements. Please note that AI is used solely to support our recruiters. Final decisions are always made by the hiring manager and the hiring team. Importantly, no applicant data is shared externally through these AI tools. All information remains securely within our systems and is handled in accordance with our privacy and data protection policies.

Under conditions defined by applicable law, you may have the right to request an explanation of how AI is used to support decision-making.

If you have any questions or concerns about this process, feel free to contact our Talent Attraction team.

Worker Type:

Student / Co-Op

Group:

Cosma International