Overview We are seeking a full-time CMF Engineering Intern at Garmin's U.S. headquarters in the Greater Kansas City area. In this role, you will be responsible for collaborating with designers, engineers, and suppliers to develop and implement color, material, and finish plans into Garmin Products. Essential Functions Analyze, research, design and develop new materials, colors, finishes for relevant market segments Collaborate with CMF designers, suppliers, engineers, and manufacturers worldwide Stay current on advances in material innovation and technology Demonstrate ability to properly apply CMF troubleshooting tools (ex. SEM, DSC, TGA, DMA, FTIR, SEMD/EDS, spectrometer, etc.) Read, interpret, and communicate CMF test data, contribute to developing/maintaining CMF processes/libraries, and present/communicate CMF explorations Understand and apply CMF technical drawings and other applicable CMF documentation Basic Qualifications Pursuing a degree in Material Science, Chemical Engineering, or other related field Excellent academics (cumulative GPA greater than or equal to 3.0 as a general rule) Possess the principle of key materials measurements techniques such as metallographic analysis, SEM/EDS, FIB, X-ray, FTIR, DSC, TGA, etc. Possess academic knowledge of PVD, CVD, electroplating and other surface treatment technologies Possess relevant manufacturing principles and academic knowledge in material manufacturing, finished product processing, molding, surface treatment, analysis, etc. Demonstrates understanding of CMF standards and procedures Demonstrates strong and effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Garmin International is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran's status, age or disability. This position is eligible for Garmin's benefit program. Details can be found here: Garmin Intern Benefits