Description Do you enjoy a fast-paced work environment with opportunities to collaborate across multiple technical areas? If you find it rewarding to step back from a problem and view the interactions and relationships between subsystems when pursuing the “big-picture” solution, then this may be the opportunity for you! We are seeking a Systems Engineering Test and Evaluation Intern to join our team of problem solvers! In this role, you'll find opportunities to pursue bold and creative approaches to help us improve the performance of operational systems in innovative new ways. You’ll be joining a group of hardworking technical specialists who challenge themselves daily in addressing the evolving threats to the nation's defense. In this internship, you will learn how a flight test mission goes from a conceptual idea to a layered scenario that tests the latest technological developments in U.S. Missile Defense Weapon Systems. You will gain direct experience in how these missions are planned and carried out and how vehicle systems are conceived, developed and fielded. Throughout your internship, we will strive to balance your technical growth in the specific areas of flight dynamics, and orbital mechanics with an understanding of the larger system objectives. You will help develop new tools and learn to perform analysis associated in these technical areas: Test asset optimization and overall scenario design feasibility Target trajectory design and assessment Ground and air safety analysis Orbital Collision Avoidance (COLA) analysis Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Aerospace, Mechanical, Physics, Mathematics, or a related discipline. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have a background or knowledge in MATLAB or other scripting language. The majority of tool development and analysis will be in a MATLAB environment. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly