What You'll Do Principal is looking for Accounting Interns to join our 2027 Accounting Internship program! In this role, you’ll be able to enhance and apply your accounting skills and continue to develop professionally! Each intern opportunity will differ based on the needs of the business area. Generally, interns will be exposed to and be responsible for: Preparing internal or external financial reports and/or tax returns Participating in the financial statement close process Testing and documentation of internal controls for SOX compliance Variance and trend analysis Assistance in preparation of budgets and/or forecasts Assistance with projects Operating at the intersection of financial services and technology, Principal builds financial tools that help our customers live better lives. We take pride in being a purpose-led firm, motivated by our mission to make financial security accessible to all. Our mission, integrity, and customer focus have made us a trusted leader for more than 140 years! Who You Are Qualifications For All Internships: Working towards or have a bachelor’s or graduate level degree in Accounting or Finance. Minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA Skills That Will Help You Stand Out: Ability to solve problems using technology, such as Excel, query language (SQL, SAS), Power BI, etc. Meaningful involvement with community or school organizations and/or through work experience. Salary Range Information Salary ranges below reflect targeted base salaries. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation for all roles will be based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Salary Range (Non-Exempt expressed as hourly; Exempt expressed as yearly) $24 - $24 / hour Time Off Program Paid company holidays and any time off required in your state. Pension Eligible No Our Internship Culture Join an established program that provides hands-on experiences for 200+ interns each year! You'll learn new skills with dedicated teams and mentors, build your professional network and collaborate across a global Fortune 500 company. We care about offering you diverse experiences and exciting challenges that push you to reach for bigger life goals, all while enjoying our flexibility and work life balance. Join us for events such as our Executive Speaker Series, gain career direction, and much more! https://www.principal.com/about-us/careers/internships OUR 2027 ACCOUNTING INTERNSHIPS CONSISTS OF 3 OPTIONS THAT INCLUDE: Summer Internship: May 2027 – August 2027 Available to work full-time (40 hours per week during core business hours) from May – August 2027 at our Des Moines, Iowa Campus. All qualifications for all Internships is required Extended Internships: Spring (January 2027 – August 2027) OR Fall (May 2027- December 2027) Available to work full-time (40 hours per week during core business hours) from May – August 2027 (Summer) at our Des Moines, Iowa Campus. Available to work part-time (15-20 hours per week during core business hours) during January 2027 -May 2027 OR Aug 2027-December 2027 Minimum of 12 or more hours of accounting major coursework completed by the start of the internship. All qualifications for all Internships is required Co-ops: Spring (January 2027 – August 2027) OR Fall (May 2027- December 2027) Available to work full-time (40 hours per week during core business hours) at our Des Moines, Iowa Campus. Minimum of 6 or more hours of accounting or finance major coursework completed by the start of the internship. All qualifications for all Internships is required Summer Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $4,000 (net of taxes). This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on this stipend amount listed above as a financial benefit but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Co-Op Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $7,000 (net of taxes). This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on the stipend amount listed above as a financial benefit but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Work Environments This role offers in-office and hybrid (blending at least three office days in a typical workweek) work arrangements between May-August. Remote work arrangements (only if residing more than 30 miles from Des Moines, IA, or Charlotte, NC) available during school year (January-May for Spring Extension/Co-Op or August-December for Extension/Fall Co-Op). You’ll work with your leader to figure out which option may align best based on several factors. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we're not considering applicants that need any type of immigration sponsorship (additional work authorization or permanent work authorization) now or in the future to work in the United States. This includes, but IS NOT LIMITED TO: F1-OPT, F1-CPT, H-1B, TN, L-1, J-1, etc. For additional information around work authorization needs please use the following links. Nonimmigrant Workers and Green Card for Employment-Based Immigrants Investment Code of Ethics For Principal Asset Management positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization. Experience Principal At Principal, we value connecting on both a personal and professional level. Together, we’re imagining a more purpose-led future for financial services – and that starts with you. Our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our interns. Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Posting Window We will accept applications for 3 full days following the Original Posting Date, after which the posting may remain open or be removed based upon applications received. If we choose to post the job again, we will accept additional applications for at least 1 full day following the Most Recently Posted Date. Please submit applications in a timely manner as there is no guarantee the posting will be available beyond the applicable deadline. Original Posting Date 8/24/2026 Most Recently Posted Date 8/24/2026 Principal uses artificial intelligence tools to assist in reviewing and evaluating job applications, fraud prevention, and candidate matching and comparisons. These AI tools support our human recruiters in the initial review process but do not make final hiring decisions without human involvement. By submitting your application, you acknowledge this use of AI in our recruitment process. Please review our Workforce (U.S.) Privacy Notice for more details on our practices and your data privacy rights.