Description Do you love to solve problems for which there isn't a textbook solution? Are you passionate about gaining a meaningful technical experience while helping to improve a Navy ship's ability to defend itself? If you are pursuing a degree in Engineering (e.g. Electrical, Software, Systems, Aero), Computer Science, Math, or Physics, and you are into modeling, simulation and analysis, then we'd love to have you join our team of motivated problem solvers! We are seeking a wide range of talented interns who want to work in a collaborative,team environment to help us 1) create sophisticated simulations of current and future Naval capabilities, adversarial threat systems (e.g., missiles, swarms of autonomous platforms) to pair with machine learning technologies in order to develop robust solutions to transform systemic weaknesses into strengths, 2) develop complex analysis tools and use them to evaluate the performance of new Navy systems or system of system capabilities, and/or 3) perform early research into promising technology that pushes the art and the science of defense. As a member of our multi-disciplinary team you can follow your passion to ... Develop dynamic, interacting physics-based models/simulations to help us understand how mother nature and the laws of physics can impact the performance of key sensor, command and control, and weapon systems. Develop tools that apply data analytic and statistical methodologies and use them to analyze current systems, root cause performance issues, and develop operational solutions. Mature cutting edge concepts or technologies that lead to improving our Navy's ability to maintain superior situational awareness in the fog of war, identify blatant and subtle hostile actions, and dynamically allocate limited resources in a changing battlefield. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... • Are pursuing a degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or Physics or a related technical field with a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale • Have detailed knowledge and practical experience in either Python or C++ • Have a strong interest in modeling and simulation design, signal processing related to radar or communications systems, decision processes, resource optimization and allocation schema, or Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) • Have above average interpersonal and communications skills • Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… • Have detailed knowledge and practical experience in two of the following: Python, C++, Matlab • Have experience with either modeling or analyzing a complex system (military system preferred) • Have experience with processing, organizing and assessing large data sets • Have experience developing in a modern software development environment About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly