Do you have a passion for Artificial Intelligence (AI) and are looking to make a difference in how the latest clinical trials progress into the market? Are you pursuing a degree in data science and/or computer science with an interest in working with AI tools for interactive AI applications across various IT systems? If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you at Medpace. We are currently seeking an intern with class or internship experience in artificial intelligence (AI). This intern will be programming and fine-tuning various AI tools and helping IT teams to implement them into new applications. This intern will also work collaboratively across the organization with multiple teams to improve the efficiency of company processes and provide insights and assistance to users. Responsibilities Design, implement, and deploy machine learning models and systems to solve complex problems and drive business outcomes; Research, develop, and implement machine learning algorithms and models for tasks such as classification, regression, clustering, anomaly detection, and recommendation systems; Research, develop, and implement AI tools such as NLP, LLM, and IA; Collect, preprocess, and curate large datasets required for training generative models; Experiment with different machine learning techniques and algorithms, including supervised, unsupervised, semi-supervised, reinforcement, and deep learning; Design and optimize machine learning pipelines and workflows, incorporating techniques for data cleaning, feature engineering, model selection, and hyperparameter tuning; and Develop scalable and efficient machine learning infrastructure and systems for training, testing, and deploying models in production environments. Qualifications Pursuing a Master’s or PhD in Artificial Intelligence, Computer or Data Science, or related field. Available to work 40 hours per week in our Cincinnati, OH office. Preference for those currently in or from Cincinnati; 3.5 GPA or higher; Class or internship experience implementing and fine-tuning Large Language Models or interactive AI applications; Proficiency in programming languages and frameworks commonly used in NLP and AI (e.g., Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch); Experience working with different AI capabilities and ability to showcase your passion for the utilization of AI; Medpace Overview Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO) providing phase l-lV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through the advancement of clinical research. We leverage in-country regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major therapeutic areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic, endocrinology, central nervous system, and anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, we employ more than 6,500 people across 40+ countries. Why Medpace? When you join Medpace, you become part of an innovative team that brings cutting-edge therapies to market while building a meaningful and rewarding career focused on scientific excellence and improving patient outcomes around the world through continuous learning and cross-functional collaboration. Purpose-Driven Work Work alongside physicians, scientists, and industry-leading experts committed to advancing the global development of medical therapeutics through clinical research excellence Collaborative Culture Contribute to an interactive team environment that empowers decision making, creative thinking, and continuous learning through open communication and mutual trust. Leadership throughout Medpace is both accessible and approachable Continuous Growth & Development Office based environment with on-site mentors Defined career paths with clear advancement opportunities Industry renowned onboarding and training programs designed to accelerate professional development Ongoing training and continuous learning opportunities throughout your career An environment that encourages employees to influence change, contribute ideas, and grow quickly Other Employee Benefits Competitive compensation programs that recognize and reward performance Comprehensive health, wellness, retirement, and PTO benefits Office based culture with occasional WFH that provides flexibility for eligible positions after training Company-sponsored social events and intramural sports Cincinnati Headquarters Experience A modern corporate campus designed to support collaboration and productivity Multiple on-site dining options in the heart of Madison Square Free on-site parking Convenient access to on-site 24-7 fitness and wellness facilities What to Expect Next A Medpace team member will review your application and if your profile matches our current needs, you will be contacted for an interview. While we review all applications carefully, we are unable to respond to every applicant, and only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.