WELLINGTON MANAGEMENT

Wellington Management offers comprehensive investment management capabilities that span nearly all segments of the global capital markets. Our investment solutions, tailored to the unique return and risk objectives of institutional clients in more than 50 countries, draw on a robust body of proprietary research and a collaborative culture that encourages independent thought and healthy debate. As a private partnership, we believe our ownership structure fosters a long-term view that aligns our perspectives with those of our clients.

THE COMPANY

Tracing our roots to 1928, Wellington Management Company, LLP (WMC) is one of the world’s largest independent investment management firms. With over $1 trillion in assets under management, we serve as a trusted adviser to institutional clients and mutual fund sponsors in over 60 countries. Our innovative investment solutions are built on the strength of proprietary, independent research and span nearly all segments of the global capital markets, including equity, fixed income, multi-asset, and alternative strategies. As a private partnership whose sole business is investment management, our long-term views and interests are aligned with those of our clients. We are committed to attracting a talented and diverse workforce, and to fostering an open, collaborative culture of inclusivity because we believe multiple perspectives lead to more informed investment and business decisions. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we welcome people with diverse life experiences, fresh ideas, and specialized subject- matter expertise.

THE POSITION

Our global investment platform is comprised of investment professionals across seven investment functions (Hedge Funds, Investment Boutiques, Privates, Research, Solutions, Investment Risk and Investment Implementation & Trading). The team collectively manages approximately $1 trillion in assets across the capital structure. The Investment Research group delivers deep, differentiated research targeted towards areas of dispersion and alpha generation, across equity and fixed income. The group is comprised of investment professionals including Global Industry Analysts, Fixed Income Credit Analysts and Research Associates globally. Today, our research team manages over $140 billion in sector, thematic and diversified portfolios, including long-only equity and fixed income as well as hedge funds and private equity funds.

The primary responsibility of the Investment Research Co-op will be to support macro strategy research, with the potential for additional exposure to the Investment Research Leadership Team as capacity allows. The co-op will work closely with a Macro Strategist on US equity sector-based macro and profits research, helping investors translate macro themes into investable ideas. This position is based in Boston.

The co-op will gain direct exposure to investors and develop a practical understanding of how macro themes, sector-level analysis, and profits research inform investment decision-making. The role will report to the Associate Director of Investment Research and, as capacity allows, may also support broader research initiatives and priorities of the Investment Research Leadership Team.

RESPONSIBILITIES

• Supporting a Macro Strategist with research and analysis related to US equity sector-based macro trends and corporate profits

• Helping translate macro themes into investable ideas by organizing research inputs, synthesizing market data, and preparing materials for investor discussions

• Conducting data analysis and creating research outputs that support sector-level macro and profits insights

• Developing presentations, summaries, and other materials to communicate research findings clearly to investment audiences

QUALIFICATIONS

We seek a team player who is an independent self-starter, able to multi-task, and complete high-quality work. A keen ability to pay attention to detail is a must for this position. Excellent communication, writing and Excel skills are required. A demonstrated interest in the investment management industry is also desired.

The following will be viewed favorably:

• Excellent academic record, including relevant coursework in finance, business, and/or economics

• Prior work experience in a financial or other client-oriented team role, and comfort working in a fast-paced organization with high professional standards

• Experience with data visualization software (such as Tableau) and/or experience with Python strongly preferred

• Experience with leveraging AI tools such as Microsoft Copilot, ChatGPT, Claude, etc.

Please note : This co-op position entails cross-training to ensure optimal performance across functions. The anticipated start date for accepted candidates is December 2026.

Candidates must have prior co-op experience , as this position requires a foundational understanding of professional workplace dynamics and responsibilities.

Only Northeastern University students are eligible for this program.

JOB TITLE
Investment Research Macro Strategy Co-op

LOCATION
280 Congress

Not sure you meet 100% of our qualifications? That’s ok. If you believe that you could excel in this role, we encourage you to apply and welcome a chance to review your background. We are dedicated to building and maintaining a diversified workforce and considering a broad array of candidates with a variety of skill, workplace experiences, and backgrounds.

As an equal opportunity employer, Wellington Management considers all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to r ace, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, religion, creed, national origin, age, ancestry, disability (physical or mental), medical condition, citizenship, marital status, pregnancy, veteran or military status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law . If you are a candidate with a disability, or are assisting a candidate with a disability, and require an accommodation to apply for one of our jobs, please email us at GMWTalentOperations@wellington.com

At Wellington Management, our approach to compensation is designed to help us attract, inspire and retain the best talent in our industry. We strive to pay employees fairly and competitively across all levels and roles. Our approach to compensation considers all aspects of total compensation; all employees are eligible to receive salary, variable compensation, and benefits. The base salary range for this position is:

$19-$35 per hour

This range takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered when making compensation decisions, including but not limited to skill sets; role; skills and experience; certifications; and education. This range is an estimate, and further details on salary and total compensation aspects will be shared with candidates during the recruitment process.

Base salary is only one component of Wellington’s total compensation approach. Other rewards may include a discretionary Corporate Bonus and/ or Incentives, if eligible. In addition, we offer a comprehensive and high value benefit package to meet the unique needs of our employees and their families , and we are committed to fostering a flexible work environment that enables employees to thrive personally and professionally. Examples of our benefits include retirement plan, health and wellbeing, dental, vision, and pharmacy coverage, health savings account, flexible spending accounts and commuter program, employee assistance program, life and disability insurance, adoption assistance, back-up childcare, tuition/CFA reimbursement and paid time off (leave of absence, paid holidays, volunteer, sick and vacation time).

We believe that in person interactions inspire and energize our community and are essential to our culture. In support of this commitment, our employees work from our offices 4 days a week with flexibility to work remotely 1 day a week. We believe that this approach ultimately supports our mission to deliver investment excellence to our clients and their beneficiaries over the long term.