Description Are you passionate about embracing challenges and deploying solutions? The Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) group engineers solutions from concept design to field deployment for our government sponsors on rapid timelines. Our projects encompass a variety of domains (air, land, and sea) and technologies (passive sensing, imaging, communications, sonar, radar, etc.) for applications ranging from autonomous low power devices to uncrewed vehicles. Project teams are small and multidisciplinary – all of our staff members have ownership over their work and collaborate closely across electrical, mechanical, and software design. Our senior staff are dedicated to mentoring junior staff to become engineers who can handle a wide variety of technical challenges. If you’re looking to develop a skillset, take ownership in your projects, and see them from concept through delivery, then this may be the opportunity for you! We are seeking a self-motivated and creative Electrical or Computer Engineering intern to help us rapidly develop tailored sensor systems to attain information in the world’s most austere environments. Our team is motivated by the belief that timely and actionable information is key to our nation’s preeminence. During your internship, you will become part of a group of engineers who work together in a collaborative development environment to adapt and field new technologies. As an Electrical or Computer Engineering Intern you will... Apply your skills by contributing to the development of sophisticated sensor systems Work closely with senior mentors to rapidly develop prototypes and test them in the field Collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of mechanical, electrical, embedded, and software engineers on domains (air, land, and sea) and technologies (passive sensing, imaging, communications, sonar, radar, magnetics, and others) Take ownership of your projects, seeing them from concept through delivery Relevant Skills/Interests Electrical hardware development including circuit design and PCB development Firwmare design for bare metal, RTOS and/or embedded Linux Signal processing, algorithms and control design Testing and data analysis Qualifications You meet our minimum qualification for the job if you... Are working towards a Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering or related field of study. Have relevant project or work experience in hardware or firmware design or embedded systems development Can interact effectively with team members of different experience levels and backgrounds. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Note: When prompted to upload attachments, please include a copy of your college transcripts (unofficial transcripts are acceptable). Are able to acquire an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately acquire a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Demonstrated initiative through technical projects and extracurricular involvement Candidates should have pursued engineering-related activities beyond coursework, such as participation in robotics teams, engineering clubs, design competitions, maker projects, research assistantships, or personal builds. Experience taking a concept from idea through design and implementation is highly valued. Hands-on experience building, testing, and troubleshooting embedded systems Applicants should be comfortable working with tools, prototyping equipment, and laboratory instrumentation. Experience setting up hardware, conducting experiments, collecting data, and iterating designs in a lab or shop environment is preferred. Familiarity with safety procedures and proper lab practices is expected. Possess an active security clearance About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly