Description Are you searching for a meaningful internship experience with an employer that prioritizes impact, innovation, and personal development in a dynamic intellectual environment? If so, we invite you to join our team at APL! We are seeking interns to help tackle complex research, engineering, and analytical challenges that are critical to our nation. To address these emerging national challenges, we design and develop scalable software systems that leverage data science, visualization, large language models, and artificial intelligence across various domains, including social media analysis, healthcare, cybersecurity, and signal & image processing. As an intern on our team, you will: Collaborate with a passionate team dedicated to creating cutting-edge solutions that address national priorities and deliver real-world impact Contribute to exciting projects and apply your skills in areas such as Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, Software DevOps, Signal and Image Processing, and Mathematics Qualifications You will meet the minimum qualifications for the job if you are... Pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or related technical field Have a minimum GPA of 3.0 on 4.0 scale Have experience with Python, Java, Kotlin, R, Javascript, MATLAB, or C++/C Have interest/experience in AI/ML solutions Are able to ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have experience dealing with large data sets, pattern recognition, or statistical analysis Have practical experience developing software using Git, Maven, Poetry, or similar build tools Have practical experience working with web interfaces, visualization tools, or frontend frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Have practical experience and/or interest with LLM engineering such as prompt design, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), or agentic frameworks About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly