At Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity. Learn more at jnj.com

As guided by Our Credo, Johnson & Johnson is responsible to our employees who work with us throughout the world. We provide an inclusive work environment where each person is considered as an individual. At Johnson & Johnson, we respect the diversity and dignity of our employees and recognize their merit.

Job Function:
Career Programs

Job Sub Function:
Non-LDP Intern/Co-Op

Job Category:
Career Program

All Job Posting Locations:
Danvers, Massachusetts, United States of America

Job Description:

Johnson & Johnson is currently seeking a Systems Test Engineering Co-Op to join the engineering team located in Danvers, MA.

At Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow and profoundly impact health for humanity. Learn more at https://www.jnj.com/ .

POSITION SUMMARY

The Automated Impella Controller (AIC) Sustaining Team is focused on supporting delivery of system updates to enable global distribution of cybersecurity enhancements and to implement improvements that address, high‑priority CAPAs. Our team is collaborative, responsive, and impact‑driven - you will play an integral role in improving AIC reliability and ease of use for customers worldwide. We are seeking a Systems Test Engineering Co-op to support ongoing development activities, investigate and root‑cause new escalations and CAPAs, and perform system‑level testing that assesses integration across software, optical, and hardware interfaces. Typical responsibilities include supporting corrective actions, executing integration and regression test plans, documenting technical findings, and working cross‑functionally with quality, regulatory, and software teams to enable safe, timely global deployments.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

• Develop, maintain, and execute system-level integration and regression test plans that verify software, optical, and hardware interfaces for the AIC platform.

• Investigate field-reported issues in the lab and develop reproducible test cases.

• Support root-cause analysis for escalations and high-priority CAPAs

• Support change control and release activities: prepare verification evidence, updating BOMs, work instructions, and drawings

• Collaborate cross-functionally with Quality, Regulatory, Software, and Manufacturing to align verification strategies and ensure regulatory compliance.

• Assist in system-level risk assessments and contribute to CAPA investigations, design changes, and regulatory submissions

REQUIREMENTS

• Junior, Senior, or Grad student pursuing a degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering or directly related discipline.

• Knowledge of SolidWorks (or comparable CAD program) preferred.

• Strong design, testing, and analytical skills required (e.g. engineering and statistical analysis).

• Strong communication skills and attention to detail demonstrated in previous project and work experience

• Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the US. We will not be able to provide any sponsorship now or in the future.

Permanently authorized to work in the U.S., must not require sponsorship of an employment visa (e.g., H-1B or green card) at the time of application or in the future. Students currently on CPT, OPT, or STEM OPT usually requires future sponsorship for long term employment and do not meet the requirements for this program unless eligible for an alternative long-term status that does not require company sponsorship.

Johnson & Johnson is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by federal, state or local law. We actively seek qualified candidates who are protected veterans and individuals with disabilities as defined under VEVRAA and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act.

Johnson & Johnson is committed to providing an interview process that is inclusive of our applicants’ needs. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request an accommodation, external applicants please contact us via https://www.jnj.com/contact-us/careers . Internal employees contact AskGS to be directed to your accommodation resource.

#LI-Onsite

Required Skills:

Preferred Skills:

The anticipated base pay range for this position is :
$23.50/hr to $52.50/hr

Additional Description for Pay Transparency:
The expected pay range for this position is between $23.50 per hour and $52.50 per hour but will be based on candidate's program year, discipline, degree and/or experience. Co-Ops/Interns are eligible to participate in Company sponsored employee medical benefits in accordance with the terms of the plan. Co-Ops and Interns are eligible for the following sick time benefits: up to 40 hours per calendar year; for employees who reside in the State of Washington, up to 56 hours per calendar year. Co-Ops and Interns are eligible to participate in the Company’s consolidated retirement plan (pension). For additional general information on Company benefits, please go to: https://www.careers.jnj.com/employee-benefits This job posting is anticipated to close on 7/1/2027. The Company may however extend this time-period, in which case the posting will remain available on https://www.careers.jnj.com to accept additional applications.