ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time 37.5 hrs a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Winter Duration: 4 Months: January 11, 2027 to April 23, 2027 8 Months: January 11, 2027 to August 20, 2027 Summer Duration: 4 Months: May 3, 2027 to August 20, 2027 8 Months: May 3, 2027 to December 10, 2027 Fall Duration: 4 Months: September 13, 2027 to December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: There are a wide variety of software engineering opportunities available such as application, kernel, graphics, AI development. As an AMD Software Engineer, you can expect to – Collaborate with teams across the stack from user space, kernel, firmware and hardware Work with globally recognized partner companies to build solutions to real end-user issues Participate in code and design reviews to ensure we build efficient and quality code Create differentiating software features, examples include: AMD Fluid Motion Frames, AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution, FreeSync, and more Take high-performance & efficient computing to a new level with next-gen Ryzen/Radeon Graphics chips WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a Canada based University in a Bachelor's degree program majoring in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Software Development, Computer Science or related field. AMD has multiple opportunities that requires different software skills. If you have any of the following skills, we encourage you to apply – C/C++ programming and Object-Oriented Design Frameworks like Qt, Javascript Operating systems concepts (including memory management, multithreading, assembly, x86). Computer graphics pipelines (Direct3D, OpenGL, OpenCL) Computer architecture and/or firmware development Version control tools such as Git/Github, Perforce Additional Scripting Languages: Python, Windows PowerShell, Linux shell script, Perl, Java, UML PC assembly and gaming ecosystem knowledge Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.