Description Interested in Cyber? Are you currently pursing a degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, or Engineering? Want to apply what you're learning to real world problems? We are seeking internship candidates who want to solve complex cyber problems for our Department of Defense sponsors. The ideal candidate has a passion for developing creative solutions and working with a team to address complex solution implementation within constrained environments. This candidate will contribute to innovative applications to improve cyber tools, technologies, and concepts for the warfighter. You will be part of a technical team of cyber experts executing engineering, development, and integration tasks that support cyber system integration. This may include software development, cyber tool evaluation, design analysis, and vulnerability identification. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Cybersecurity, or equivalent degree with a GPA of 3.0 or above on a 4.0 scale. Can demonstrate knowledge and application of cybersecurity principles Can demonstrate experience in independent problem solving Have knowledge of, and experience with, cybersecurity engineering, software development, embedded systems development and implementation, network design and configuration, data analytics, reverse engineering, artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques, autonomy, or system exploitation Have excellent communication skills Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and ultimately obtain a Final Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have Complex systems development and integration experience Have DoD tactical system engineering or operations experience Have One or more network- or security-related certifications Have 4 or more years experience with one or more common programming or scripting languages: Java, C++, Python, Bash, etc. Have Offensive and/or Defensive cyber experience or participation on college cyber teams/clubs Have a Current Security Clearance About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly