Description Are you interested in pursuing a career in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) research? Does working in a fast-paced environment on open-ended problems excite you? Are you motivated by critical national security challenges? If you are an undergraduate or graduate student and these questions describe you, you should apply for a summer internship with JHU/APL’s AI Group! We are a team within the Research and Exploratory Development Department (REDD) that strives to close the gap between frontier models and our sponsors’ expectations for an AI-dominated future. Our research programs are targeting foundational advances with cross-mission impact, such as: Increasing behavioral alignment of AI agents used in human-machine teaming and wargaming Training multimodal foundation models on language and sensor data Intelligent robots that use agentic AI to perform complex tasks in a self-directed way Assessing, mitigating, and exploiting vulnerabilities of frontier models Mission-driven test and evaluation (T&E) of novel research The AI group exists within the Intelligent Systems Center (ISC), a facility that is home to over 100 researchers specializing in AI, robotics, neuroscience, and complex systems. As an intern working in the ISC, you will be exposed to interdisciplinary research and will have access to world-class experts working in these fields. Your primary responsibility will be helping us train and evaluate frontier AI models and applications on one or two projects, and if the results are particularly impactful, you may even have the opportunity to publish your work. You can learn more about the ISC at www.jhuapl.edu/isc. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or another related field pertaining to AI. Are proficient in Python programming with experience using PyTorch. Have a GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a background investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have taken courses in AI, machine learning, data science, multivariate statistics, computer vision, and/or natural language processing. Maintain an active portfolio of open-source software projects on a GitHub. Have examples of Python projects that use Hugging Face libraries. Have examples of Python projects that interface with Large Language Models, such as a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) system. Have examples of projects where you used 3D modeling tools such as Blender or Nerfstudio. Have previously published your work in scientific literature. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly