ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern or co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Locations: Austin, TX Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring/Summer Co-op: January 25, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - September 10, 2027 Summer/Fall Co-op: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - December 10, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking highly motivated Program Management interns/co-ops to support engineering, AI infrastructure, data center, and operational initiatives across AMD. In this role, you will participate in one or more of (but not limited to) the below assignments –Collaborate with senior engineers and/or designers to build and complete performance verification test plan, simulation test cases and models Support program execution by tracking schedules, milestones, risks, issues, deliverables, decisions, and action items Analyze and report program status through dashboards, project reports, presentations, and program reviews Gather and analyze data to identify trends, risks, and opportunities and support data-driven decision-making Use AI, automation, and data visualization tools to improve workflows, reporting, and team efficiency Support process improvements across engineering, operations, supply chain, manufacturing, services, and other business functions Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to coordinate projects, gather requirements, resolve issues, and drive action items to completion WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a United States based University in a Bachelor's program in Engineering, Computer Science, Program or Project Management, Supply Chain, Data Analytics, Information Systems, or a related field If you have knowledge / experience with any of the following skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Program or project management, including planning, scheduling, risk tracking, and process improvement Microsoft 365 tools including Excel, PowerPoint, Teams, and SharePoint Data analysis and visualization using Power BI, SQL, Python, or similar tools Project management tools such as Microsoft Project, Planner, Smartsheet, or JIRA AI tools, workflow automation, or prompt engineering Strong analytical, problem-solving, communication, and cross-functional collaboration skills Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.