The Feasibility & Proposals department is looking for qualified full-time interns to support our Informatics team in our Cincinnati office during Summer 2027! The informatics team utilizes informatics principles and techniques to architect, mine, analyze, and visualize clinical trial data to inform study design choices for pharmaceutical development. This internship will provide intensive informatics experience in query-based programming, data interpretation, and visualization creation. The Informatics team is a highly collaborative team with members in both the Cincinnati and London offices, which provides interns the opportunity to work directly with international employees. The informatics’ internship / co-op program was launched Spring 2021 and has a formal 2-week intensive onboarding process followed by a mentored path to independence for students. Daily activities include whiteboarding sessions, group-think meetings with the London team, independent data exploration, and programming for custom data queries and structures. Students have weekly meetings with their supervisor, whom they interact with daily. They also receive the support of analysts on the team for various projects, as needed. This team emphasizes an open learning environment for students and employees to learn from each other and accomplish innovative projects. Students will become proficient-to-advanced in R and introductory-to-proficient in SQL during this experience. Students will also have the opportunity to work with software and systems including: PowerBI, Excel, Snowflake, and Shiny. Responsibilities Customization of programming scripts for data management Creation of innovative visuals and analyses through individual projects Contribution to design and delivery of data visualizations Collation of data for proposal support requests Qualifications Junior or Senior pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master's or PhD degree in computer science/engineering, biomedical engineering, health information, statistics, bioinformatics, or related field GPA 3.5+ Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience programming with R, or other computer lanaguage Introductory Microsoft Excel skills Medpace Overview Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO) providing phase l-lV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through the advancement of clinical research. We leverage in-country regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major therapeutic areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic, endocrinology, central nervous system, and anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, we employ more than 6,500 people across 40+ countries. Why Medpace? When you join Medpace, you become part of an innovative team that brings cutting-edge therapies to market while building a meaningful and rewarding career focused on scientific excellence and improving patient outcomes around the world through continuous learning and cross-functional collaboration. Purpose-Driven Work Work alongside physicians, scientists, and industry-leading experts committed to advancing the global development of medical therapeutics through clinical research excellence Collaborative Culture Contribute to an interactive team environment that empowers decision making, creative thinking, and continuous learning through open communication and mutual trust. Leadership throughout Medpace is both accessible and approachable Continuous Growth & Development Office based environment with on-site mentors Defined career paths with clear advancement opportunities Industry renowned onboarding and training programs designed to accelerate professional development Ongoing training and continuous learning opportunities throughout your career An environment that encourages employees to influence change, contribute ideas, and grow quickly Other Employee Benefits Competitive compensation programs that recognize and reward performance Comprehensive health, wellness, retirement, and PTO benefits Office based culture with occasional WFH that provides flexibility for eligible positions after training Company-sponsored social events and intramural sports Cincinnati Headquarters Experience A modern corporate campus designed to support collaboration and productivity Multiple on-site dining options in the heart of Madison Square Free on-site parking Convenient access to on-site 24-7 fitness and wellness facilities What to Expect Next A Medpace team member will review your application and if your profile matches our current needs, you will be contacted for an interview. While we review all applications carefully, we are unable to respond to every applicant, and only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.