ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern and co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Locations: Austin, TX, Boxborough, MA, Fort Collins, CO, Longmont, CO, Fishkill, NY, Rochester, NY, Secaucus, NJ Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring/Summer Co-op: January 25, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - September 10, 2027 Summer/Fall Co-op: Semester Students: May 24, 2027 - December 10, 2027 Quarter Students: June 21, 2027 - December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking highly motivated Firmware Engineering intern/co-op to join our team and work with team members in the support, design, development, and delivery of Firmware for AMD’s discrete and embedded products. In this role – We will assign you responsibilities to craft, implement, debug, and validate features on reference hardware and software, pre-silicon emulation and simulation environments supporting AMD products We will encourage to actively participate in design reviews, code reviews and project planning We will train you to build and complete clear documentation for all software produced We will provide opportunities to work on both internal and external platforms We will help you learn and apply AGILE methodologies and standard processes for Software Engineering You may be involved in one or more (but not limited to) of the following work - Engage in x86 firmware development using C Design, Build and Implementation of Embedded Firmware + Bootrom/HW Debug issues at the boundary of FW and HW. We will have your involvement in Waveform level analysis to root cause FW/HW issues WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a US based University in a Bachelor’s program majoring in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field If you have knowledge or experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Low level BIOS, firmware, or system software development Low level programming language C/C++ and knowledge of hardware architectures Embedded system, RTOS, and embedded controller structure Source control, debuggers, compilers and system wide debugging from software to firmware to hardware Opensource concepts VHDL/Verilog/FPGA and general hardware design concepts and process Linux development environments Architectural understanding and/or experience of graphics/compute pipelines Perforce, JIRA, Git, or similar tools Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.