Work Location:
Langley, British Columbia, Canada

Hours:
37.5

Line of Business:
Personal & Commercial Banking

Pay Details:
$45,700 - $61,000 CAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

Department Overview:

At TD Canada Trust, we are the frontline of TD Bank. We strive to build deep and long-lasting relationships with our customers by performing a broad range of customer service transactions and providing information and advice on services, products, and solutions to existing or prospective TD customers. At the branch, we understand customer needs and identify opportunities to promote products and services to refer customers to the appropriate team member or internal Bank partner, while ensuring a positive customer experience.

Join TD Canada Trust and Think like a customer, Act like an Owner, Innovate with purpose and Execute with Speed and Impact.

Job Description:

Can you establish, build, and maintain impactful relationships with our customers? Do you love working with customers and helping them with their financial needs? We are seeking a Personal Banking Associate Trainee for our branch office who can guide customers to the appropriate staff member for resolving their financial queries and banking needs, including new accounts, investment advice and banking solutions. Do you think you have what it takes?

In this role, a typical day may look like:

• Engage customers in day-to-day advice needs, service transactions, digital education, and customer problem resolution related to banking solutions

• Understand customer needs and guide customers to the right contact person for appropriate solutions while exercising good judgement in confidential matters

• Build customer confidence in emerging digital banking trends by educating them on mobile, ATM, and online banking

• Support the frontline staff with scheduled cash and non-cash transactions; resolve critical issues and report non-standard matters to management

• Recommend improvements to work practices, branch operations and processes to enhance customer experience and achieve operational excellence

• Participate in the timely and accurate completion of business processes and procedures

• Ensure prepared documentation is accurate, reflects business intentions, and is consistent with relevant regulations and TD's Code of Conduct and Ethics

• Help build a positive and equitable work environment by promoting team effectiveness, participating in personal performance development and sharing industry knowledge to achieve common objectives

Job Requirements:

• High School diploma and/or 1+ years of relevant experience

• Investment Funds Canada (IFC) or equivalent – within 90 days of start date

• Post-Secondary or Undergraduate degree (in related field) preferred

• Proficiency in using MS Office (Word, Excel and Outlook), branch software and internet

• Knowledge of banking solutions and processes to advise customers

• A self-starter who works independently in a dynamic work environment through strong administration, organizational, planning and time management skills

• A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities

• A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with customers and related teams in a courteous, and effective manner

Trainee Mobility
This opportunity includes a mobility clause that requires a candidate to be mobile within the Assigned District. Upon completion of the training program, we intend to assign you to a position which will be compatible with your training. The timing of this posting will be determined by your progress in the training program and our ability to identify an appropriate opportunity. This may involve a transfer and geographic relocation to another TD location within your assigned region. It is our understanding that you are mobile to any location in this region. You are also aware that your geographic mobility is a condition of

this employment.

Korean language skills are considered an asset for this opportunity.

#LI-Retail #IN-Retail

Who We Are:

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package
Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet