At Constellation, a freshly independent and soon-to-be Fortune 200 company, we're providing the energy and services to transform our future. Combining next generation technologies and product offerings with the country's lowest carbon generating fleet, our company is purpose-built to meet the challenges of the climate crisis. Constellation has been the leader in clean energy production for more than a decade. Now we're speeding delivery of low-carbon or no-carbon power to help families, communities, governments, and businesses meet their sustainability and decarbonization goals. Constellation provides 10 percent of total clean power and 22 percent of clean baseload power in the United States and is the leading competitive retail supplier of energy products, services, and clean energy solutions. The race is on to confront climate change, and no company is more ready to meet that challenge. We are committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion and believe in attracting, retaining, and advancing employees who will best serve and represent our customers, partners, and communities. We provide a workplace that ensures mutual respect, where each individual has the opportunity to grow and contribute at their greatest potential. Constellation will provide you the tools and resources you need to design, build, and power a successful career. Join us as we accelerate the transition to a carbon-free future. Energize your career with Constellation. We are currently seeking highly motivated students for Summer Internships for 2027 to work for our Nuclear Technical teams located in multiple locations. These paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks from June 7, 2027 – August 13, 2027. As a Summer Intern within our Nuclear Technical team, you will focus on gaining real-world hands-on experience within our nuclear plants. Interns work under the direction of the below teams depending on their major: Maintenance: Electrical Maintenance Mechanical Maintenance Instrumentation & Control Maintenance Operations Historically, intern projects have included: Heat Exchanger Maintenance Pump Rebuilding Valve Packing Replacement Station battery testing Large Transformer Oil Sampling Motor Testing Location: Oswego, NY As a Constellation Intern you will: Gain meaningful job experience by working closely with experienced professionals who are passionate about your growth and development. Explore a variety of tasks and departments, helping you to better understand your strengths and interests. Consideration for employment after the pending performance and business needs. Benefit from mentorship opportunities that guide your professional growth and provide valuable insights into your chosen field. Contribute to a growing company that is leading the charge in the sustainability space, making a positive impact on the world. Shape your career goals by connecting with industry leaders and building a strong professional network. Currently enrolled in an associates degree program in Operations Engineering and Technician, Electric Power Generation Technology, Energy Technology, Nuclear Technology, Electrical Engineering Technology, or similar programs Ability to obtain Nuclear Unescorted Access A track record of outstanding academic performance Eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment. Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment Excellent leadership, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Constellation will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. You must have the ability to lawfully work in the United States without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.