Date Posted:
2026-09-25&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-MA-TEWKSBURY-TB1 ~ 50 Apple Hill Dr ~ ASSABET BLDG&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
Active and transferable U.S. government issued security clearance is required prior to start date.​ U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance​&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
DoD Clearance: Secret&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Ability to obtain INTERIM U.S. government issued security clearance is required prior to start date

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

What You Will Do

Systems Security Engineering creates holistic security solutions leveraging Cyber Security, Software Assurance and Supply Chain Risk Management to support Program Protection Implementation on Sensors, Ground Radars, and Platform systems. Join our highly visible team and perform technically challenging assignments, which will directly contribute to protecting our nation and our Warfighters. This is an onsite position at Raytheon.

You will support, contribute, and collaborate in a team environment, receiving inputs from the program or team experts, and work on projects, determining and developing approaches and solutions.
Collaborate across many engineering disciplines to execute program milestones.

What You Will Learn

You will gain technical experience, mentorship opportunities, and exposure to established cybersecurity engineers within Mission Systems that will help advance your career.
You will become knowledgeable in a variety of cybersecurity tools and policies in the ever-evolving cybersecurity engineering and program protection field.

Qualifications You Must Have

• Must be pursuing Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

• Must have a minimum of 60 hours of credit by the start of the internship session.

• Experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

Qualifications We Prefer

• Specific majors: Systems Engineering, Cybersecurity, or related STEM discipline

• Quick learner and motivated

• Experience with tools, such as MATLAB or Python, for data analysis and automation

• Prior RTX internship, co-op, or work experience

• Current/Active DoD security clearance or SSBI

What We Offer

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

• Relocation Eligibility

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

Onsite: Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms