Description Do you want to design, build, and deploy cutting-edge imaging systems advancing defense, remote sensing, medical tech, space science, and law enforcement applications? If you are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or PhD in Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Physics, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Optical Science, or a similar major and want to work in an exciting and collaborative environment to solve challenging technical national security problems, The Imaging Systems Group is the group for you! If you're passionate about optical sensing, computer vision, and imaging technology, this hands-on, innovative lab environment is for you. Our expertise spans sensor design, system miniaturization, real-time AI/ML, embedded hardware, LIDAR, smart imaging, and drones, supporting impactful applications across humanitarian aid, defense, and law enforcement. Focus Areas: Sensor Systems Advanced Algorithms Applied Sensors Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) Prototypes Advanced Optics Sensor Software Edge Processing Geospatial intelligence Autonomous Systems Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Non-Optical Imaging Systems We are seeking an intern(s) to join our Imaging Systems Group to conduct modeling and analysis, data analysis, prototype, work with embedded hardware, develop or use AI/ML algorithms, work with an optical sensor, and develop optical test benches. As a member of our group, you will… Develop, evaluate, and deploy imaging system hardware, algorithms, and/or software. Assist in the brainstorming and development of new initiatives/concepts in optical imaging through internal research and development (IR&D) efforts. Capture technical contributions in internal memorandum/reports and conference/journal papers, and present findings and recommendations at internal and external forums. Support field integration and testing activities of developed systems. Develop various GUI interfaces for sensor integration using serial, TCP/IP protocols. Integrate Embedded systems into low size, weight, and power (SWaP) hardware such as NVIDIA Jetson series. Develop and implement image processing applications for AI and machine learning techniques. Perform digital signal processing tasks, including applications of Fourier Transforms. Engage in modeling and simulation, mechanical design, circuit design, and FPGA tasks, along with hands-on optical design work. Conduct laboratory work in experimental optics, constructing proof-of-concept systems, evaluating performance, performing benchtop testing, and conducting digital signal processing analysis. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you… Are you pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or PhD in Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Physics, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Optical Science, or similar Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have demonstrated the ability to work both independently and as part of a multidisciplinary team and possess strong interpersonal, speaking, and technical writing skills. Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats. Ability to read and interpret technical documentation. Software debugging skills, including using collaborative tools such as GitLab and/or GitHub. Proficient Experience in programming in any or all of the following programming languages: C/C++ Python MATLAB JAVA Typescript C# Related programming languages Demonstrated passion for continuous learning and problem-solving, as shown through active involvement in school assignments, personal projects, or extracurricular activities that reflect a strong interest in exploring new concepts or technologies Can ultimately obtain a Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Have a Master's or PhD Experience in Linux, GPU, signal processing/image processing, Docker, FPGA, TensorFlow, Circuit-Board Design, Development, and Fabrication, Advanced Image Processing, Remote Sensing Processing in and non-imaging LightTools, Fred, or ASAP. Experience/coursework Meta Surface research and testing. Experience in optical sensor software development, Micro-controller software development, image processing, computer science, computer engineering, algorithms, agile, software engineering, Graphical User Interface (GUI), and Human Machine Interface. Experience in data analysis, imaging, image processing, synthetic aperture radar, Lidar, infrared, hyperspectral, optics, imaging science, sensors, system engineering, systems engineering, computational physics, MATLAB, statistics, modeling and simulation, digital signal processing Have an active Secret level security clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly