VLSI Engineer Intern

This role has been designed as 'Hybrid' with a requirement that you will work on average 2 days per week from an HPE office.

Who We Are:

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyze, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world. Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.

Job Description:

As a VLSI intern, you will gain exposure to the entire VLSI design process, including system integration, circuit design, and verification. Your responsibility will include all aspects of ASIC verification. You will benefit from the experience of a highly qualified ASIC team. Strong communication, time-management, and organizational skills are also essential.

Responsibilities:

•
Analyze the specification to learn about the design

•
Work closely with architecture and RTL designers on verifying the functionality correctness of the design

•
Develop test cases and test plans

•
Implementing test benches, generating directed/constrained random tests

•
Running and triaging regressions, tracking bugs

•
Assisting in verification flows, automation scripts and regressions

•
Collaborates and communicates with management regarding design status, project progress, and issue resolution

Education & Experience:

•
Pursuing Bachelor's degree (Electrical Engineering, Computer engineering or equivalent)

Knowledge & Skills:

•
Experience or understanding of electrical engineering fundamentals, VLSI principles, digital logic, and computer architecture.

•
Knowledge of object-oriented programming fundamentals is a must, Python skills will be a plus

•
Knowledge of hardware description language (Verilog or VHDL), electronic design automation (EDA), and/or FPGA tools.

•
Coursework in VLSI design or VLSI concepts.

•
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.

•
Good analytical and problem-solving skills.

Accessibility

HPE is committed to creating an inclusive and accessible workplace and encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including those with disabilities. If you believe you require accommodation during any stage of the application or interview process, please submit your request by completing our secure form linked here .

Note: This option is reserved for applicants needing assistance/reasonable accommodation related to a disability.

What We Can Offer You:

Health & Wellbeing

We strive to provide our team members and their loved ones with a comprehensive suite of benefits that supports their physical, financial and emotional wellbeing.

Personal & Professional Development

We also invest in your career because the better you are, the better we all are. We have specific programs catered to helping you reach any career goals you have — whether you want to become a knowledge expert in your field or apply your skills to another division.

Unconditional Inclusion

We are unconditionally inclusive in the way we work and celebrate individual uniqueness. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good.

Let's Stay Connected:

Follow @HPECareers on Instagram to see the latest on people, culture and tech at HPE.

#unitedstates

#interns

Job:
Administration
Job Level:
N/A

"The expected salary/wage range for this position is provided below. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education/training, and/or skill level.

– United States of America: Hourly Salary USD 35.00 - 41.00 in Texas
The listed salary range reflects base salary. Variable incentives may also be offered."

Information about employee benefits offered in the US can be found at https://myhperewards.com/main/new-hire-enrollment.html

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, or any other protected category, and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. Please click here: Equal Employment Opportunity .

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.

HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.

Recruitment Fraud Alert

We have become aware of an increase in fraudulent recruitment activities in which individuals impersonate our company or authorized recruitment agencies to offer fake employment opportunities. These scams may occur through false websites, emails, social media, or chat-based applications and often aim to obtain personal information or money. Please note that Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and its authorized recruitment agencies/vendors will never charge a candidate a registration fee, hiring fee, or any other fee in connection with its recruitment and hiring process. We also never request personal information such as back account details, Social Security numbers, or national IDs via social media or chat applications.

All legitimate job opportunities will come through official company channels, and candidates are responsible for verifying the credentials of any third party claiming to represent the company. Any reliance on fraudulent communication is at the individual’s own risk, and HPE disclaims legal liability for any resulting damages. If you suspect recruitment fraud, do not share personal information or make any payments and report the incident to your local authorities immediately.