Date Posted:
2026-09-16&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-OH-TROY-101 ~ 101 Waco St ~ WACO&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
This job requires a U.S. Person. A U.S. Person is a lawful permanent resident as defined in 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20) or who is a protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, U.S. permanent residents, or individuals granted refugee or asylee status in the U.S. are considered U.S. persons. For a complete definition of “U.S. Person” go here: https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-22/chapter-I/subchapter-M/part-120/subpart-C/section-120.62&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

What You Will Do

Immerse yourself in a full-time, Monday-Friday co-op session, that will run May/June- December (including the Fall semester; it is expected students will take a semester off from coursework to fully engage with this working mentorship opportunity).​

As a Project Engineering Co-op at Collins Aerospace, you will have the opportunity to work within an engineering department at Collins Aerospace, Landing Systems to learn aspects of design, test, analysis, and customer support for aircraft wheels, brakes, and braking systems.

• Candidate can be placed within any of the engineering teams such as Materials and Process, Analytical Tech (Structures, Thermal, and Dynamics), Test Lab, DPLC, Systems, Project Engineering, Project Management, Customer Support, Design, Sustaining, or Supplier Designed Equipment at Landing Systems based on general business need within the organization and candidate qualifications, interest, and experience.

• Candidate will be embedded within an engineering team and will be responsible for engineering deliverables, learn and adhere to internal engineering processes, and collaborate with cross functional teams to complete projects.

Qualifications You Must Have

• Must be pursuing a Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, or related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) major and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

• Must have a minimum of 30 hours of credit by the start of the internship / co-op session

Experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

Qualifications We Prefer

• Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and/or PowerPoint)

• Experience working on cross-functional teams

• Prior RTX internship, co-op, or work experience

What We Offer

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Safety, Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

• Relocation Eligibility

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

• Onsite: Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms