Astranis builds advanced satellites for high orbits, expanding humanity’s reach into the solar system. Today, Astranis satellites provide dedicated, secure networks to highly-sophisticated customers across the globe— large enterprises, sovereign governments, and the US military. With five satellites on orbit and many more set to launch soon, the company is servicing a backlog of more than $1 billion of commercial contracts.

Astranis is the preferred satellite communications partner for buyers with stringent requirements for uptime, data security, network visibility, and customization. Astranis has raised over $750 million from some of the world’s best investors, from Andreessen Horowitz to Blackrock and Fidelity, and employs a team of 450 engineers and entrepreneurs. Astranis designs, builds, and operates its satellites out of its 153,000 sq. ft. headquarters in Northern California, USA.

Antenna Intern (Summer 2027)

Internships at Astranis typically last for twelve weeks, and are hourly roles designed for students who are currently enrolled at a four-year university.

As an Antenna Intern, you will work closely with mechanical, thermal, and payload system engineers to design, build and test antenna systems for ongoing and next-generation satellite payloads.

Role

• Leverage cutting-edge design tools to realize high-performance communications antenna systems with on-orbit flexibility to meet evolving customer demand.

• Work with vendors to design and procure antenna and RF components and validate their performance through anechoic chamber testing.

• Co-design antenna components and systems in conjunction with other technical disciplines, including Mechanical/Structural/Thermal/Payload Systems.

Requirements

• Fundamental understanding of electromagnetics, including antenna fundamentals, impedance matching, transmission lines, and circuit matching.

• Experience measuring components using vector network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, and signal sources.

• Demonstrated ability to solve engineering challenges in innovative and creative ways.

• Capable of using industry-standard design tools such as CST, HFSS, or TICRA and scripting to solve engineering problems using Matlab or Python.

Bonus

• Experience with 3D printing (Direct Metal Laser Sintering and Fused Deposition Modeling).

• Experience with link budget and system calculations including EIRP, noise figure, and G/T.

• Experience designing waveguide components (OMT, MUX, diplexer, filters, polarizers, etc).

• Experience with reflectors.

The base pay for this position is $29.00 per hour.

Base Hourly Pay

$29 — $29 USD

U.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or Refugee/Asylee Status Required

(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))

Our mission and products are built for everyone, regardless of gender, race, creed, or background. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we invite all people to join our team and bring their unique perspectives to make us stronger.

SMS Terms of Service

1. When you opt in to receive SMS messages from Astranis Space Technologies Corp. , we may send you messages related to your job application, including updates, interview coordination, and other recruiting communications.
2. You can cancel the SMS service at any time by replying with any of the following industry standard keywords:

a. STOP
b. STOPALL
c. OPTOUT
d. CANCEL
e. END
f. QUIT
g. UNSUBSCRIBE
h. REVOKE

3. After you opt out, we may send one final text message confirming that you have been unsubscribed. No further recruiting SMS messages will be sent unless you opt in again.
4. To opt back in, reply with any of the following industry standard keywords:

a. START
b. UNSTOP
c. YES

5. For help, reply HELP or contact us at EMAIL or PHONE NUMBER.
6. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
7. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Contact your wireless provider for details.
8. For more information on how we handle your data, please review our Privacy Policy at: https://www.astranis.com/legal/privacy .