Description Are you passionate about sensor processing and decision algorithms? Do you want explore meaningful sensor information applications? If you’re pursuing a degree in mathematics, physics or engineering and want to gain experience in sensor and signal processing, we’d love to have you join our team! We are seeking an intern to help us develop algorithms and assess the performance of the next generation of sensors for land, air and sea-launched interceptors. For example: As a member of our team, you'll contribute to the development of powerful sensor algorithms. Dedicated teams have opportunities to tackle vital missile defense challenges. We strive to cultivate an environment of creativity and collaboration. Our team values finding sophisticated solutions to hard problems. As a member of our team... Your primary responsibility will be to perform trade studies and analyze the performance of sophisticated sensor systems and algorithms You will research concepts and develop simulations and algorithms related to signal propagation, signal detection and target classification for a variety of air- and space-borne sensor systems You will work with a team of multi-disciplinary experts to solve difficult problems in air and missile defense Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or Doctorate’s degree in mathematics, physics, engineering or other related fields Have a passion for sensors and signal and image processing algorithms Are proficient in one or more of the following programming languages: MATLAB, C++, or Python Are knowledgeable in one or more of the following: simulating or analyzing electromagnetic signals, environments, or sensors, signal or image processing, machine learning, object tracking or classification Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly