Description Are you interested in applied Research & Development? Do you enjoy working in a creative environment, as part of a team of engineers, physicists, and computer scientists? Do you want to play a critical role in the defense of our country - at sea and at home from advanced missile threats? If so, we are looking for someone like you to join our team! If you are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering Physics, Physics, or a similar major and want to work in an exciting environment to solve challenging technical national security problems, we'd love to have you join our team. We are seeking an intern to join our Sensor Engineering and Phenomenology Group to analyze tactical and simulation data and help develop system concepts to revolutionize defensive capabilities for the U.S. As a member of our team you will... Analyze recorded data from live-fire test events to gain insights into system performance, particularly with regard to environmental effects/physics. Develop and apply detailed, physics-based simulations written in MATLAB, Java, C/C++, and Python. Learn and creatively apply machine learning, signal processing, and data science to real-world problems that no one else has previously solved. Develop novel instrumentation and algorithms for understanding RF propagation effects by directly measuring, recording, and analyzing RF signal measurements. Learn, apply skills, and advance the state of the art in our core technology areas of: signal processing, electromagnetics, software development, and boundary-layer meteorology. Communicate your results to technical leads, colleagues, and managers and receive feedback on the impact of your work relative to our group’s mission. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering Physics, Physics, or a similar major. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have a passion for programming and analysis, and are familiar with MATLAB or Python. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Are pursuing multiple technical degrees. Are proficient with MATLAB or Python. Have any radar or RF research experience (hardware, antennas, remote sensing, tracking, etc.) About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly