We understand that finding the right place to work isn't easy. At Beta Engineering, we believe in cultivating a team that wins together and takes on the most challenging projects in the high-voltage industry.

We engineer, procure, and construct (EPC) projects for a variety of customers, including those in the utility, industrial, and renewable energy markets. Our work includes substations, transmission lines and more. We help our customers achieve their goals of creating a stronger power grid by reducing risks and identifying innovative solutions for their project challenges. 

Our Purpose: We pursue that which challenges us, growing our community to provide critical, creative solutions that achieve extraordinary results.
Our Values: We do what we say, we turn challenges into success and we win together. 


Beta Engineering has openings for internships in Pineville, LA. Accepting applications for Freshman, Sophomore, Junior and Senior levels. Beta Engineering hosts a 10 week long summer internship program where students will work alongside full-time team members learning about the projects we create. 

Fields Include:
- Construction Management

WORKING CONDITIONS: 
• Will work in an office environment with minimal exposure to dust, noise, and other environmental hazards. May involve prolonged periods of sitting and frequent use of a computer, keyboard, and mouse.
• Able to lift 50 pounds


At Beta Engineering, we empower our employees to identify innovative solutions and opportunities for future growth. Recognizing that our success begins with our people, we invest in our teams through technical, team building, and leadership training. If you want to be part of a team that is built on trust and excellence, apply today.

Beta is a subsidiary of Crest Industries, and job listings are managed by Crest Operations. Crest owns and operates companies that serve industries including power delivery, manufacturing, natural resources, and specialty chemicals. Click here to learn about careers within the Crest Industries® family of companies.

Beta Engineering is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.
Beta Engineering is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. To request information regarding reasonable accommodation, contact your Human Resource Business Partner.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)

Part of the CREST INDUSTRIES family of companies.
