Job Details:

Job Description:

Become an Intern at the largest standalone FPGA company in the world!

This role is in Altera's Quartus compiler group. The candidate will be directly involved in the design, coding, and testing of the software developed by the Compiler group. The candidate will also propose new ideas and bring those to productization as needed.

Responsibilities will include but not be limited to:

•
Determines software architecture and implement it in the code using C/C++.

•
Come up with new ideas, write its functional description and implement in the software to improve the Quartus' synthesis, place and route and timing analysis engines.

•
Write C/C++ unit tests and regression tests to test the developed software.

•
Write HDL test cases to test the developed software using VHDL/Verilog HDL languages.

Our compensation is designed to reflect the Canadian labour market. The actual salary offered may vary based on several factors, including the position’s location, as well as the candidate’s experience, skills, training, and job-specific knowledge. In addition to base salary, we offer performance-based incentive opportunities that reward both individual contributions and overall company success. ​

Estimated Salary Range: $ 95K – $ 100K CAD ​

​

We use artificial intelligence to screen, assess, or select applicants for the position. ​ This posting is for an existing vacancy. ​ Canadian work experience is not required for this role. Applicants must be eligible for any required Canada export authorizations.

Qualifications:

The candidate must be pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in ECE, Computer Science or other related area.

Job Type:
Student / Intern (Fixed Term)

Shift:
Shift 1 (Canada)

Primary Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Additional Locations:

Posting Statement:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.