About Us Groundbreaker. Game changer. Pioneer. TRC has long set the bar for clients who require more than just engineering, combining science with the latest technology to devise innovative solutions that stand the test of time. From pipelines to power plants, roadways to reservoirs, schoolyards to security solutions, clients look to TRC for breakthrough thinking backed by the innovative follow-through of an industry leader. TRC's professionals work with a broad range of commercial, industrial and government clients and the communities they serve. We deliver breakthrough solutions that address local needs -- so our clients can better succeed in an ever-changing world. Working at TRC means tackling interesting, meaningful projects. We pride ourselves on our collaborative spirit, entrepreneurial zeal and agile corporate structure. We recognize that the expertise of our staff is our strongest asset, so we generously reward employees for successful performance and invest in their careers through training and the development of new skills and certifications. Overview Note: By applying to this position, your application is automatically submitted to our Summer Internship Program openings in over 150 locations throughout the U.S TRC is seeking highly motivated and diverse Substation Engineering Interns for our Summer 2027 intern program out of our Lakewood, CO Office. This is a paid full-time position. Anticipated duration will be from June through August 2027 (flexible). This position has the potential to transition into a Full-Time role upon graduation. The successful candidate will work under the supervision of Project Managers and Team Leaders and partner with engineers, scientists, and technologists. Responsibilities Support various project tasks including regulatory requirements/review estimates, research, procurement support, etc. Assisting substations engineers in design work and project calculations. Perform data entry, data management, data evaluation, and data presentation. Support the preparation of reports, plans and specifications for client . May work on field assignments as needed. Work closely with the engineering staff to support ongoing projects in the discipline of Substation Engineering and Protection & Control Engineering. Tasks will vary depending on project status but will include (but not limited to): drafting, wiring, schematic development, Bill of Material support, physical station design, panel layouts, Project Status call participation, etc. Will be supported by leaders, mentors and teammates. Perform other related duties and responsibilities as necessary. Qualifications Must be at least 18 years old. Pursuing bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, Electrical Engineering Technology or related field. Minimum GPA of 3.0. Ability to work both independently and in a project team with demonstrated oral communication, professional judgement and team building skills. Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) Willingness to learn, and benefit from professional judgment and critique. Willing to be a problem solver and overcome issues along the way. The candidate should have a strong ability to prioritize, organize, and perform multiple work assignments simultaneously. Has taken any Power, Power Systems, and/or Circuit courses. Experience with engineering software applications (AutoCad, MathCad, ESRI, MicroStation, Bluebeam, Aspen, SolidWorks etc.) is preferred but not required. Benefits*:TRC ensures that interns/trainees receive benefits in accordance with the laws of their state or country of residence. Compensation: In accordance with local law, the below salary range is applicable for the job and location associated with this requisition. Compensation will vary based upon experience, education, skill level, geographical location, and other compensable factors. Other Compensation: Employee may be eligible for participation in the Company’s annual Discretionary Bonus Program which is contingent on Company, Business Segment, and Individual performance against Key Performance Indicators which vary by year and employee. Disclaimers TRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. All employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. The complete job description and application are available on TRC’s career site. TRC accepts applications for this position on an ongoing, rolling basis and reserves the right to cancel this posting at any time. Salary Range USD $20.00 - USD $28.00 /Hr.