As the largest private-sector power producer in the world and the nation's largest producer of clean and reliable energy, Constellation is focused on our purpose: lighting the way to a brilliant tomorrow for all. We have been the leader in clean energy production for more than a decade, and we are cultivating a workplace where our employees can grow, thrive, and contribute. Now integrated with Calpine, our portfolio includes 55 gigawatts of capacity from nuclear, natural gas, geothermal, hydro, wind and solar facilities, with the generating capacity to power the equivalent of 27 million homes. Our culture and employee experience make it clear: We are powered by passion and purpose. Together, we're creating healthier communities and a cleaner planet, and our people are the driving force behind our success. At Constellation, you can build a fulfilling career with opportunities to learn, grow and make an impact. By doing our best work and meeting new challenges, we can accomplish great things. Join us in meeting the country's energy needs today and tomorrow. We are currently seeking highly motivated students for Summer Internships for 2027 to work for our Nuclear Technical teams located in multiple locations. These paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks from June 7, 2027 – August 13, 2027. As a Summer Intern within our Nuclear Technical team, you will focus on gaining real-world hands-on experience within our nuclear plants. Interns work under the direction of the below teams depending on their major: Maintenance: Electrical Maintenance Mechanical Maintenance Instrumentation & Control Maintenance Operations Historically, intern projects have included: Heat Exchanger Maintenance Pump Rebuilding Valve Packing Replacement Station battery testing Large Transformer Oil Sampling Motor Testing Location: Cordova, IL As a Constellation Intern you will: Gain meaningful job experience by working closely with experienced professionals who are passionate about your growth and development. Explore a variety of tasks and departments, helping you to better understand your strengths and interests. Consideration for employment after the pending performance and business needs. Benefit from mentorship opportunities that guide your professional growth and provide valuable insights into your chosen field. Contribute to a growing company that is leading the charge in the sustainability space, making a positive impact on the world. Shape your career goals by connecting with industry leaders and building a strong professional network. Currently enrolled in an associates degree program in Operations Engineering and Technician, Electric Power Generation Technology, Energy Technology, Nuclear Technology, Electrical Engineering Technology, or similar programs Ability to obtain Nuclear Unescorted Access A track record of outstanding academic performance Eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment. Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment Excellent leadership, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Constellation will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. You must have the ability to lawfully work in the United States without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.