Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities Keysight Technologies is seeking an intern to join our software system testing team. In this role, you will develop and maintain automated test cases for applicable products in Network Visibility Solutions team. Other responsibilities will include: Review features and/or feature specifications to understand the product requirements, Learn about the product under test, how to test, and related automation platform & tools, Develop and perform automated tests which may include functional, performance, and stress test scenarios, Where applicable, develop and enhance automation framework based on python, Robot Framework, or Selenium. Tracking, managing, and communicating progress of test automation, Performing analysis of potential failures and documenting those for failure investigation. Performing verification testing for bug fixes, Maintaining system test environment where assigned and applicable. Qualifications College student (major in CS, CE, or EE preferred). Excellent verbal and written English communication skills. Self-motivated; highly enthusiastic team player with strong analytical & problem-solving skills. Experiences and/or knowledge in any combination of the following areas will be a plus: Agile Scrum development process, Object-Oriented programming languages (e.g. Python, Java) and developing scripts/code to automate testing, Developing and/or testing in virtualized environment (e.g. AWS/KVM/VMWare) and/or (public/private) cloud environment, RESTful web service APIs. Automation tools/framework experiences such as Selenium, Robot Framework. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***