Are you looking for an exciting job where you can put your skills and talents to work at a company you can feel proud to be a part of? Do you want a workplace that will challenge you and offer you opportunities to learn and grow? A position at Xcel Energy could be just what you’re looking for.

At Xcel Energy, our employees are the driving force behind our success. So we make sure that, here, you can be your best. Doing work that makes a difference for neighbors and communities. Working with a team you can count on to push you. Expanding skills, staying ready for change, and capturing opportunities to grow. All with the support, rewards and recognition you need to thrive – during your internship and beyond.

The Equipment and System Analytics Team is responsible for leading the Energy Supply Organization in data analytics and is at an inflection point where new AI tools are enabling much deeper insights and capabilities with vast amounts of organizational data.

Xcel Energy is seeking interns to support our Equipment & System Analytics team, part of the Energy Supply organization. Interns will learn about and contribute to the way Xcel generates power today and in the future. Equipment and System Analytics is responsible to optimize and continuously improve the operation and maintenance approaches of the equipment in power generation facilities across the company. Data analytics will be used within the team to improve existing equipment maintenance strategies and drive fleet business decisions to improve reliability while minimizing the cost to produce energy. ESA is also responsible for providing tools to identify and mitigate operational and financial risk across the generation portfolio. Interns have the opportunity to collaborate with engineers of many disciplines both on the team and in other departments while taking on a variety of projects. Projects will vary from scope development and project management for field work to software design to fit internal customer needs and help the organization capture additional operational data. This role is an exciting opportunity to work on a variety of important organizational goals and be a part of the energy transition.

Typical intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
- Support of instrumentation design and installation to better monitor critical equipment failure modes. This will include reviewing and updating drawings and diagrams, working with plant technicians, mechanics, engineers, and external contractors to complete work.
- Support and enhancement of software applications utilized for the Asset Performance Management programs using low code tools.
- Using AI models to bring new efficiencies and capabilities with the consolidation and interpretation of large data sets

This position is for a May 31, 2027 start date. This position may have the possibility to extend beyond the internship’s initial term based on the candidate’s successful performance and Xcel Energy’s business needs.

Minimum Requirements:
- Current student, Sophomore or higher (as of Fall 2027)
- Enrolled in an ABET accredited college or university and pursuing a degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science
- Minimal travel required within the state
- Able to work full-time during the summer (up to 40 hours a week)/ part time during the school year (up to 20 hours a week) and commuting to the designated work location in-person, per our hybrid work policy.

Preferred Qualifications:
- Experience with power generation

As a leading combination electricity and natural gas energy company, Xcel Energy offers a comprehensive portfolio of energy-related products and services to 3.4 million electricity and 1.9 million natural gas customers across eight Western and Midwestern states. At Xcel Energy, we strive to be the preferred and trusted provider of the energy our customers need. If you’re ready to be a part of something big, we invite you to join our team.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to apply please contact us at recruiting@xcelenergy.com .

Non-Bargaining

The anticipated starting base pay for this position is: $21.20 to $23.10 per hour

This position is eligible for the following benefits: Pension, 401(k) plan, Paid time off (PTO), Holidays

Benefit plans are subject to change and Xcel Energy has the right to end, suspend, or amend any of its plans, at any time, in whole or in part.

In any materials you submit, you may redact or remove age-identifying information including but not limited to dates of school attendance and graduation. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information.

Deadline to Apply: 10/16/26

EEO is the Law | EEO is the Law Supplement | Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination | Equal Opportunity Policy (PDF) | Employee Rights (PDF)

All Xcel Energy employees and contractors share responsibility for protecting the company's information and systems by adhering to cybersecurity policies, standards, and best practices, recognizing that cybersecurity is everyone's responsibility.

ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT

Xcel Energy endeavors to make https://www.xcelenergy.com/ accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Xcel Energy Talent Acquisition at recruiting@xcelenergy.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.