Description Are you curious, willing to learn, and interested in developing algorithms with signal processing and machine learning to enhance the use of SONAR for our nation's Naval Operations? Interested in collaborating on small project teams with mentors to aid your career development? If you’re pursuing a degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics/Statistics and want to develop algorithms for the undersea domain, consider joining our team! We strive to cultivate an environment of collaboration and partnership with our highly skilled staff who regularly tackle difficult problems. We develop algorithms for the undersea domain in a collaborative small project team environment – and the algorithms we develop make a difference in real-world operations. We are seeking an intern to help us apply information processing, machine learning, deep learning, and signal processing to transform raw sensor data into meaningful information for our nation’s warfighters. As examples, you may work with a mentor to develop algorithms to process active and passive sonar returns to find submarines or use signal processing and deep learning with imaging sonar to identify sea bottom-mounted mines. As a member of the Maritime Information Exploitation group you will… Provide contributions to projects developing innovative algorithms for real-world operations. Work with raw and processed sensor data to find hidden patterns and weak signals, identify characteristics, and exploit those characteristics with novel algorithms. Document your algorithms, algorithm performance, and insights in written reports and briefings to Leadership and sponsors. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Have a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics/Statistics, Physics or related field. Are skilled in or have working knowledge of a programming language such as Python, MATLAB, or C/C++. Have strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to work effectively in small project teams. Are curious about signal processing, machine learning, deep learning, or artificial intelligence. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Algorithm development and testing experience and data analysis in languages like Python or MATLAB, particularly for time series or sensor data. Experience with Fourier transforms, digital signal processing, feature-based machine learning models (e.g. support vector machines, random forests), and/or deep learning models. Led small project teams to successfully accomplish a technical objective. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly