What You'll Do We're looking for highly motivated individuals to join our Financial Analyst Internship Program! As a Financial Analyst intern, you’ll gain hands-on experience supporting strategic and financial decision-making across Principal. You’ll combine financial acumen, data analysis, critical thinking, and emerging technologies to help solve business problems and deliver insights that drive results. Each internship opportunity will differ based upon the need of the business area. We're actively recruiting for finance roles within asset management, retirement, insurance, along with corporate areas (e.g., Enterprise Finance, Corporate Strategy and Development, Investor Relations, and Treasury.) Outside of the specific business area responsibilities, the internship cohort will have the opportunity to build connections and deepen their knowledge of business and Finance concepts through formal and informal networking opportunities with senior finance leaders at Principal. Interns will gain exposure to and be responsible for: Evaluating key business drivers and providing recommendations to help business leaders make better decisions. Leveraging data, technology, and emerging AI-enabled tools to enhance analysis, identify insights, and support business decision-making. Communicating the results of projects and analyses to leaders at various levels of the organization. Building relationships with partners across the business to solve problems. Conducting research and analysis on industry trends, market conditions, and competitors to support strategic decision-making processes. Assisting in any ad-hoc financial projects as assigned, supplying analytical support and insights. Who You Are You are working towards or have a bachelor’s degree in Finance or related field. Have a strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher. Intermediate understanding of finance concepts and excel skills. Curious to seek knowledge and explore new ideas. Ability to identify and resolve sophisticated problems through a logical and detailed approach. Ability to conceptualize, apply, analyze, synthesize, and evaluate information to arrive at well-reasoned conclusions. Skills That Will Help You Stand Out Proven leadership with community organizations and/or through work experience. Experience with data analysis tools such as Power BI, Essbase, SQL, AI-enabled tools, MATLAB, R, SAS, or similar. Job Levels Along with the above qualifications, to be considered for the Sr. Financial Analyst Internship you must be pursuing or have a Master's degree in Finance or related field, and have completed at least two prior relevant professional experiences (e.g., internships, full-time roles, or equivalent opportunities). Salary Range Information Salary ranges below reflect targeted base salaries. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation for all roles will be based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Salary Range (Non-Exempt expressed as hourly; Exempt expressed as yearly) $24 - $26 / hour Time Off Program Paid company holidays and any time off required in your state. Pension Eligible No Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $4,000. This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on this stipend as a financial benefit, but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Our Internship Culture Join an established program that provides hands-on experiences for 200+ interns each year. You'll learn new skills with dedicated teams and mentors, build your professional network and collaborate across a global Fortune 500 company. We care about offering you diverse experiences and exciting challenges that push you to reach for bigger life goals, all while enjoying our flexibility and work life balance. Join us for events such as our Executive Speaker Series, gain career direction, and much more! https://careers.principal.com/internships Work Environments This role offers the ability for in-office, and hybrid (blending both office and remote work in a typical workweek) work arrangements our of our Des Moines, IA headquarters office. You’ll work with your leader to figure out which option may align best based on several factors. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we're not considering candidates that need any type of immigration sponsorship (additional work authorization or permanent work authorization) now or in the future to work in the United States? This includes, but IS NOT LIMITED TO: F1-OPT, F1-CPT, H-1B, TN, L-1, J-1, etc. For additional information around work authorization needs please use the following links. Nonimmigrant Workers and Green Card for Employment-Based Immigrants Investment Code of Ethics For Principal Global Investors positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization. Experience Principal While our expertise spans the globe, we're bound by one common purpose: to foster a world where financial security is accessible to all. And our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our employees – individually and all of us together. Explore our core values, benefits and why we’re an exceptional place to grow your career. Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Posting Window We will accept applications for 3 full days following the Original Posting Date, after which the posting may remain open or be removed based upon applications received. If we choose to post the job again, we will accept additional applications for at least 1 full day following the Most Recently Posted Date. Please submit applications in a timely manner as there is no guarantee the posting will be available beyond the applicable deadline. Original Posting Date 9/2/2026 Most Recently Posted Date 9/2/2026 Principal uses artificial intelligence tools to assist in reviewing and evaluating job applications, fraud prevention, and candidate matching and comparisons. These AI tools support our human recruiters in the initial review process but do not make final hiring decisions without human involvement. By submitting your application, you acknowledge this use of AI in our recruitment process. Please review our Workforce (U.S.) Privacy Notice for more details on our practices and your data privacy rights.