Description Are you passionate about applying your aerospace and thermal engineering skills to build solutions that safeguard our nation and protect our service members? Are you excited to take on the design challenges of extreme environments? We believe innovation thrives in a collaborative environment. We are looking for highly motivated engineering students from all technical backgrounds to join our dynamic team of engineers and scientists. In this role, you’ll work as part of a team in a supportive, highly engaging environment where your perspectives are valued and essential to our success. At our core, we are a forward-thinking team of innovators driven by the challenge to solve complex thermal and aerospace engineering problems. Our work spans extreme environments—thermal protection systems for hypersonic speeds, rocket launches in silo, turbulent combustion in detonation engines, and the first fractions of a second after a missile intercept impact. We are seeking interns with interests in the following areas: Aerodynamics and Computational Fluid Dynamics Aeroacoustics & Fluid/Structure Interactions Wind Tunnel Testing and Rocket Motor Testing Combustion, Reacting Multi-phase Flows, Ablation & Surface Chemistry Thermal & Aerothermal Analysis, Design, and Testing Multi-Waveband Sensor Simulation & Scene Generation Software Architecture, GPU Computing & Physics-based Algorithm Development As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to contribute to real-world projects, working with colleagues at all levels of experience on ground breaking solutions. You will work to solve critical challenges such as: Characterizing the thermal environment inside a rocket launch silo Designing spacecraft propulsion systems. Innovating predictive simulations to guide design of sophisticated flight systems. Pioneering new technologies in rotating detonation engines. Developing GPU-based modeling of turbulent combustion. Advancing thermal protection systems for extreme flight regimes. Within the lab, we collaborate across teams and disciplines to push the boundaries of what’s possible. We partner with external academic and defense organizations to solve today’s problems with the best methods available, while keeping a focus on the future, anticipating new challenges and opportunities for growth. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD degree in Aerospace Engineering, Physics, Chemistry or a related field. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are a strong self-starter with good communications skills and the ability to work independently or as part of a team. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If you are selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly