Bring more to life.

Are you ready to accelerate your potential and make a real difference within life sciences, diagnostics and biotechnology?

At Integrated DNA Technologies (IDT), one of Danaher’s 15+ operating companies, our work saves lives—and we’re all united by a shared commitment to innovate for tangible impact.

You’ll thrive in a culture of belonging where you and your unique viewpoint matter. And by harnessing Danaher’s system of continuous improvement, you help turn ideas into impact – innovating at the speed of life.

Our team at Integrated DNA Technologies (IDT), is united by a commitment to collaboration and scientific excellence, building on a strong foundation of innovation, expertise, and reliability. Guided by our vision to help researchers rapidly move from the lab to life-changing advances, we work closely with global partners to accelerate progress and genomics breakthroughs across fields like cancer, infectious disease, rare genetic disorders, and more. At IDT, you’ll be part of a culture rooted in continuous learning and improvement—where your growth fuels our mission to accelerate the pace of genomics and helps shape a healthier, brighter future for all.

Learn about the Danaher Business System which makes everything possible.

The Computer Systems Validation Intern will gain hands-on experience operating in regulated industry alongside validation engineers, software developers, and collaborators across the organization.

This position reports to the Computer Systems Validation Manager and is part of the IT Governance, Security, and Compliance team located in Fargo, ND and will be an on-site role.

In this role, you will have the opportunity to:

• Participate in Validation project activities, including conducting testing and generating technical reports

• Support Validation program policy and procedure generation by conducting research on regulatory requirements, industry standards, and best practices

• Establish a unified, real-time inventory of validated computer systems

The essential requirements of the job include:

• Currently pursuing a bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, chemistry, biological sciences, or related discipline.

• Proficiency with Windows OS, Microsoft Office

• Strong verbal and written communication skills

It would be a plus if you also possess previous experience in:

• Linux systems, Databricks, Azure DevOps, LeanIX, or other specialized computer experience

• Background in molecular biology, biological process engineering, and/or genetic medicine.

Insert Pay transparency language for locations where it may be required by law, if applicable:

The hourly range for this role is $ 30.00. This is the range that we in good faith believe is the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. This range may be modified in the future.

Join our winning team today. Together, we’ll accelerate the real-life impact of tomorrow’s science and technology. We partner with customers across the globe to help them solve their most complex challenges, architecting solutions that bring the power of science to life.

For more information, visit www.danaher.com .

Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law.

The U.S. EEO posters are available here .

For candidates who are based outside of New York City or who are applying for roles outside of New York City, for more information about conditions of any job offer please click here .

We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact:1-202-419-7762 or applyassistance@danaher.com .