Role Type:
Internship/Co-op

Work Term:
Summer/Term 3

Work Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hours:
35

Pay Details:
$45,700 - $74,400 CAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

TD Insurance is part of TD Bank Group, one of Canada’s largest financial institutions. TD Insurance helps protect clients from the ‘accidents of life’ with a wide range of products including credit protection, life, health, travel, home and auto insurance. With more than three million clients, TD Insurance authorized products and services are available online, over the phone, and through a network of more than 1,000 TD Canada Trust branches.

In Canada, we have two lines of business, General Insurance and Life and Health. Our General Insurance business is one of the top home and auto insurance groups in Canada and the national leader in group insurance and affinity marketing. Our Life and Health business is the number one provider of critical illness insurance and direct life and health insurance in Canada.

At TD Insurance, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment. With a Canada-wide workforce of over 4,000 employees and offices in Atlantic Canada, Quebec, Ontario and Alberta, our company is always growing and can help you to grow. TD Insurance offers a stable and dynamic work environment where talent is appreciated, and professional development is taken seriously. More than just a job, we offer rewarding careers.

Job Description

TD Insurance is seeking an intern to take part in one or more of the following activities in its General Insurance teams:

•
Develop and improve the various actuarial models used

•
Help analyze experience results

•
Take part in the production of regulatory rate change submissions

•
Take part in the production and analysis of monthly financial results

•
Participate in various research projects and market studies

•
Maintain and develop the underwriting rules in place

•
Contribute to various underwriting analyses

•
Take part in reinsurance related tasks

•
Participate in the company's budget process

Job Requirements

•
You are currently an actuarial student

•
You possess written and verbal communication skills in both English and French, and count the following aptitudes among your strengths:

•
Analytical ability

•
Aptitude for teamwork

•
Dynamic

•
Self-starter

•
Thorough

•
Plus, you have a good knowledge of Excel

Please upload your last academic transcript with your resume no later than October 1st, 2026. If not submitted correctly, your application will not be reviewed.

Additional Information

SUMMER 2027 – TORONTO

2 INTERNSHIPS - ANALYST, PRICING & PROFITABILITY

2 INTERNSHIPS – ANALYST, COMMERCIAL INSURANCE

1 INTERNSHIP – ANALYST, CORPORATE ACTUARIAL

1 INTERNSHIP – ANALYST, PRODUCT MANAGEMENT

1 INTERNSHIP – ANALYST, RISK MANAGEMENT

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet