Description Do you love writing code? Does the idea of writing code for spacecraft sound exciting? If you are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in a software-related field such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or similar, and want to solve challenging software problems on space exploration missions, we would love to have you join our team. We are seeking an intern to join our Embedded Applications group to build software systems for spaceflight projects. As a member of our team... Your primary responsibility will be contributing to software projects in the Space Exploration Sector ranging from flight software to modeling and simulation, verification, analysis and/or research projects. You will work with a team and experienced mentor to build new software capabilities for ongoing space exploration projects. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have a passion for quality software and learning more about high-reliability systems. Have some experience or coursework in C or C++. Are able to ultimately obtain a Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Have experience or coursework with any embedded software engineering concepts, such as robotics or other control systems, or the modeling and simulation of similar projects. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly