Who We Are

Vermeer equips customers doing important work around the world. We are global, driven by innovation and growing. The equipment we make manages natural resources, connects people and feeds and fuels communities. We live out a caring culture, we demonstrate agility, we keep a focus on customers and are stewards of our resources. These beliefs drive our culture, determine how we treat others and steer our business.

Work Shift
1 - First Shift

Job Summary
Are you a student who enjoys assisting with data analysis to understand and draw conclusions from information buried in raw data? In this role you will learn to analyze data sets using various statistical methods to identify patterns within data, gain insight into process performance and identify opportunities to improve data quality. We’re looking for a highly adaptive, resourceful student with excellent analytical skills.

Who We Are
Vermeer equips customers doing important work around the world. We are global, driven by innovation and growing. The equipment we make manages natural resources, connects people and feeds and fuels communities. We live out a caring culture, we demonstrate agility, we keep a focus on customers and are stewards of our resources. These beliefs drive our culture, determine how we treat others and steer our business.

What You’ll Do

1. Leverage current information sources including databases, data and process models, business requirements and other artifacts to research and resolve issues.

2. Support the development and use of automated tools to deliver comprehensive data cleansing, matching and quality monitoring capabilities for legacy master and transactional data.  Troubleshoot and resolve discrepancies to maintain data integrity and quality of information assets .

3. Assist with Business Intelligence projects (using Agile project methodology) in the areas of dashboard design, documentation and data storytelling.

What We’re Looking For

- High School diploma required .

- Current student pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Statistical Science, Computer Science, or Mathematics . Previous internship is a plus .

- Knowledge of current data analysis tools and languages like Python or R.

- Knowledge of data storage technologies and ability to use SQL queries to extract information from relational databases.

- Strong ability to manipulate large data sets and condense data into useful high value information .

- Experience in mobile, PC, and web software.

Travel

- No travel is expected is expected of this position .

Work Location
ONSITE: A team member’s day-to-day work is best done on a Vermeer campus. If work content can be occasionally completed at an offsite location, discuss potential arrangements with your manager.

Equal Opportunity Employer

At Vermeer Corporation, we believe in the value of your unique identity, background, and experiences. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other status protected by the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com .

Interested? We’d love to get to know you.