Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities Responsibilities: • Design novel RF/Microwave signal conditioning components in several different cutting edge technology platforms. • Develop electromagnetic models to fully characterize complex subsystems. • Work within a multi-discipline project team to create new products and ensure new designs meet both internal and customer requirements. Qualifications Basic Qualifications • BS in Electrical Engineering or equivalent with an emphasis in RF and Microwave Design. • Currently Enrolled in Graduate School • Mastery of electrical engineering, electronics, and RF principles. • Proficiency with microwave modeling tools (1D, 2.5D, and 3D simulators). • Works well in a collaborative team environment. • Ability to generate new ideas. • Good listening and communication skills. • Organizes work effectively and uses available resources. Desired Qualifications • Proficiency with ADS, Genesys, and emPro. California Pay Range: MIN $47.76 - MAX $51.43 per hour Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above. Keysight Internship Program Requirements Candidates who wish to be considered must be currently enrolled in an accredited college/university as of September 2026. Applicants who have graduated before September 2026 will not be considered unless they are starting a MS or PHD program after graduating. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Keysight Technologies Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other protected categories under all applicable laws. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***