Description Are you searching for an internship that offers hands-on engineering experience in a fast-paced environment where design, prototyping, integration, and deployment come together? Do you want to apply your background in engineering, physics, or mathematics to develop advanced sensor systems and platforms for maritime applications? Do you thrive in collaborative, team-based projects that tackle complex technical challenges? Are you eager to help solve some of the U.S. Navy’s most exciting problems in the surface and undersea domains? The Engineering and Test Group at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is looking for enthusiastic and creative interns to contribute to hands-on projects in Electrical Engineering and/or Mechanical Engineering. Our team helps advance the Navy’s mission by developing and testing cutting-edge sensor and electro-mechanical systems for maritime and undersea applications. As an intern with us, you’ll get real-world experience working on meaningful projects that make an impact. You’ll collaborate with experienced engineers, gain exposure to the full design and testing process, and be part of a team that values curiosity, innovation, and teamwork. As a Mechanical Engineering Intern, you will work with a team to: Design mechanical parts and assemblies using CAD software such as SolidWorks. Use modeling, simulation, and finite element analysis (FEA) tools to support system design. Create design drawings, images, and documentation. Collaborate with fabrication staff to plan and execute fabrication and assembly. Assist in analyzing and testing systems for maritime applications. Support R&D efforts by contributing to new concepts, components, and assemblies. As an Electrical Engineering Intern, you will work with a team to: Design, analyze, and test prototype sensor systems and testbeds for maritime environments. Develop electrical schematics, circuit boards, and complex systems. Build custom sensor interfaces and associated signal conditioning, filtering, and data acquisition systems using A/D and D/A converters. Support lab testing of electrical sensors, power hardware, distribution systems, and imaging systems using tools such as oscilloscopes, function generators, optical detectors, and spectrum analyzers. Contribute to R&D efforts, including brainstorming new initiatives and system concepts. Assist in system analysis and testing for maritime applications. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical field. Are curious, eager to learn, and willing to expand your skills. Have completed 200-level or higher coursework relevant to Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, including Physics, Mechanics, Dynamics, CAD, and FEA. Have hands-on experience with prototype development, circuit design, debugging, PCB design, interfacing analog electronics with FPGAs/microcontrollers (I2C, SPI, USB), system integration and testing, data acquisition, power distribution, or similar tasks. Are familiar with lab instruments and engineering software, including Altium, PSpice, LabView (for electrical design) and CAD, SolidWorks, MATLAB, C/C++, Arduino, Microsoft Office. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 Scale. Note: When prompted to upload attachments, please include a copy of your college transcripts (unofficial transcripts are acceptable). Are able to obtain a Secret security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll exceed our minimum requirements if you... Are proficient in engineering and software tools such as CAD, Solidworks, C, C++, Arduino, MATLAB, Altium Hold an active Secret or higher-level clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly