Medpace has recently developed a new Clinical Informatics team and is looking for qualified students to support this team. Our interns work directly with our analysts to develop operational solutions spanning data analytics, visualization, and accessibility. These solutions are launched for Clinical and Medical Operations teams at Medpace who work directly with sponsors and sites leading and participating in clinical trials for pharmaceutical development. These data products increase operational efficiency and can be categorized into either custom- or enterprise-wide solutions. Interns will work hand-in-hand with our software engineering team to bring these solutions to production. Interested candidates should at least have introductory experience in R or Python programming. Preference will be given to candidates with additional experience in (i) SQL, (ii) application development in Shiny or Streamlit, or (iii) dashboard development in PowerBI, Tableau, or Spotfire. Interns will have daily programming responsibilities in R, Python, and SQL (project-specific). They will be trained on Medpace’s relational database architecture to effectively query and wrangle data. Interns will be expected to support the development of innovative web applications to help operational teams process, analyze, and visualize data. The Clinical Informatics team are looking for individuals who thrive in collaborative environments, are able to work effectively in international settings, and are flexible to support the development of this new team. If you are an individual with a background in data science, informatics, or clinical analytics, please review the following internship opportunity. Responsibilities Participate in analysts’ evaluation of data needs for assigned projects; Work alongside analysts to contribute innovative data products; Interact with relational data at both study- and enterprise-level inclusive of actions for query, wrangling, analysis, and reporting; Contribute to algorithm development for descriptive, classification, and predictive operational purposes; and Support departmental process improvement initiatives. Qualifications Enrollment in Bachelor’s program for informatics, computer science/engineering, biomedical engineering, health information, statistics, or related field; Analytical thinker with great attention to detail; Ability to work effectively on a sprint schedule; Strong verbal communication skills; Programming experience in R or Python; Clinical research experience is preferred; Experience building web applications is preferred (with either Shiny or Streamlit); and Experience building dashboards is preferred (with either PowerBI, Tableau, or Spotfire). Additional Considerations We are hiring all levels of experience for our internship. Candidates in Bachelor, Master, or Doctoral programs are encouraged to apply. Interns will be required to work full-time, in-person hours during the applied semester. Medpace Overview Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO) providing phase l-lV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through the advancement of clinical research. We leverage in-country regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major therapeutic areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic, endocrinology, central nervous system, and anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, we employ more than 6,500 people across 40+ countries. Why Medpace? When you join Medpace, you become part of an innovative team that brings cutting-edge therapies to market while building a meaningful and rewarding career focused on scientific excellence and improving patient outcomes around the world through continuous learning and cross-functional collaboration. Purpose-Driven Work Work alongside physicians, scientists, and industry-leading experts committed to advancing the global development of medical therapeutics through clinical research excellence Collaborative Culture Contribute to an interactive team environment that empowers decision making, creative thinking, and continuous learning through open communication and mutual trust. Leadership throughout Medpace is both accessible and approachable Continuous Growth & Development Office based environment with on-site mentors Defined career paths with clear advancement opportunities Industry renowned onboarding and training programs designed to accelerate professional development Ongoing training and continuous learning opportunities throughout your career An environment that encourages employees to influence change, contribute ideas, and grow quickly Other Employee Benefits Competitive compensation programs that recognize and reward performance Comprehensive health, wellness, retirement, and PTO benefits Office based culture with occasional WFH that provides flexibility for eligible positions after training Company-sponsored social events and intramural sports Cincinnati Headquarters Experience A modern corporate campus designed to support collaboration and productivity Multiple on-site dining options in the heart of Madison Square Free on-site parking Convenient access to on-site 24-7 fitness and wellness facilities What to Expect Next A Medpace team member will review your application and if your profile matches our current needs, you will be contacted for an interview. While we review all applications carefully, we are unable to respond to every applicant, and only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.