Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department Overview
Software Operations is a cross functional team supporting Motorola Solutions in disciplines such as engineering, supply chain and business strategy. We provide operational support for Motorola’s Software, Licensing, and Services business, which includes areas of systems Integration,product integration, business intelligence, order fulfillment, and distribution

Job Description

Join the Software Operations team at our Elgin, IL facility! In this full-stack engineering internship, you will take ownership across all phases of the software development lifecycle. You will work closely with key business stakeholders to analyze user requirements, design system architecture, build custom software tools, and support critical global platforms.

Our team directly supports core software infrastructure, including the Elgin Software Factory , CCSI systems , and global customer licensing and software distribution platforms . This role offers high visibility, hands-on architectural experience, and a direct path toward full-time employment upon graduation .

Key Responsibilities

• Full-Stack Application Development : Build, deploy, and maintain custom applications from scratch across a three-layer architecture—including the UI/UX front-end layer, business logic layer, and backend database layer.

• System Design & Prototyping : Execute both high-level system architecture and low-level design, including data modeling, database schema design, and rapid prototyping.

• Stakeholder Collaboration & Project Planning : Lead stakeholder discussions, gather and translate business needs into detailed technical requirements, and construct project execution plans.

• System Maintenance & Support : Learn, maintain, and enhance existing tools supporting our Software Factory, CCSI, and licensing/distribution ecosystems.

• Quality Assurance & Enablement : Perform end-to-end testing, deploy tools into production, and deliver user training to business stakeholders.

Basic Requirements

• Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical discipline.

• Expected graduation date no later then December 2028 .

Travel Requirements
Under 10%

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Intern

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.