Data Science Intern

This role has been designed as 'Hybrid' with a requirement that you will work on average 2 days per week from an HPE office.

Who We Are:

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyze, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world. Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.

Job Description:

This requisition may be classified as on desk or hybrid depending on location and role.

Job Family Definition:

Designs, develops and applies programs, methodologies and systems based on advanced analytic models (e.g. advanced statistics, operations research, computer science, process) to transform structured and unstructured data into meaningful and actionable information insights that drive decision making. Uses visualization techniques to translate analytic insights into understandable business stories (eg. descriptive, inferential and predictive insights). Embeds analytics into client’s business processes and applications. Combines business acumen and scientific methods to solve business problems.

Management Level Definition:

Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.

Responsibilities:

• Participates in the analysis and validation of data sets/solutions/user experience.

• Aids in the development, enhancement and maintenance of a client's metadata based on analytic objectives. May load data into the infrastructure and contributes to the creation of the hypothesis matrix. Prepares a portion of the data for the Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) / hypotheses.

• Contributes to building models for the overall solution, validates results and performance. Contributes to the selection of the model that supports the overall solution.

• Supports the research, identification and delivery of data science solutions to problems.

• Supports visualization of the model's insights, user experience and configuration tools for the analytics model.

Intern Education & Experience Required:

Working towards a Bachelor's and/or Master's degree with a focus in Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software development, or other IT related field.

Knowledge and Skills:

• Basic knowledge of data science methodologies.

• Basic understanding of business requirements and data science objectives.

• Basic data mapping, data transfer and data migration skills. Basic understanding of analytics software (eg. R, SAS, SPSS, Python).

• Basic knowledge of machine learning, data integration, and modeling skills and ETL tools (eg. Informatica, Ab Initio, Talend).

• Basic communication and presentation skills.

• Basic data knowledge of relevant data programming languages.

• Basic knowledge of data visualization techniques.

What We Can Offer You:

Health & Wellbeing

We strive to provide our team members and their loved ones with a comprehensive suite of benefits that supports their physical, financial and emotional wellbeing.

Personal & Professional Development

We also invest in your career because the better you are, the better we all are. We have specific programs catered to helping you reach any career goals you have — whether you want to become a knowledge expert in your field or apply your skills to another division.

Unconditional Inclusion

We are unconditionally inclusive in the way we work and celebrate individual uniqueness. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good.

Let's Stay Connected:

Follow @HPECareers on Instagram to see the latest on people, culture and tech at HPE.

#unitedstates

#interns

Job:
Engineering
Job Level:
N/A

For the Analyst position: "The expected salary/wage range for this position is provided below. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education/training, and/or skill level.
– United States of America: Hourly Salary USD 35.00 - 40.25 in Colorado // 35.00 - 40.25 in Massachusetts // 35.00 - 40.25 in California // 35.00 - 40.25 in Minnesota & North Carolina & Texas & Wisconsin
The listed salary range reflects base salary. Variable incentives may also be offered."

For the Scientist position: "The expected salary/wage range for this position is provided below. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education/training, and/or skill level.
– United States of America: Hourly Salary USD 40.00 - 46.00 in Colorado // 40.00 - 46.00 in Massachusetts // 40.00 - 46.00 in California // 40.00 - 46.00 in Minnesota & North Carolina & Texas & Wisconsin
The listed salary range reflects base salary. Variable incentives may also be offered."

Information about employee benefits offered in the US can be found at https://myhperewards.com/main/new-hire-enrollment.html

The estimated job application period closure is May 25 2027; this timeline is provided for transparency and internal planning purposes.

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, or any other protected category, and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. Please click here: Equal Employment Opportunity .

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.

HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.

Recruitment Fraud Alert

We have become aware of an increase in fraudulent recruitment activities in which individuals impersonate our company or authorized recruitment agencies to offer fake employment opportunities. These scams may occur through false websites, emails, social media, or chat-based applications and often aim to obtain personal information or money. Please note that Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and its authorized recruitment agencies/vendors will never charge a candidate a registration fee, hiring fee, or any other fee in connection with its recruitment and hiring process. We also never request personal information such as back account details, Social Security numbers, or national IDs via social media or chat applications.

All legitimate job opportunities will come through official company channels, and candidates are responsible for verifying the credentials of any third party claiming to represent the company. Any reliance on fraudulent communication is at the individual’s own risk, and HPE disclaims legal liability for any resulting damages. If you suspect recruitment fraud, do not share personal information or make any payments and report the incident to your local authorities immediately.