ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology can change lives for the better. It can heal us, entertain us, and make us more connected, productive, and understanding of the world around us. And we’re looking for talent who feel the same: people who want to leave the planet better than they found it, those who don’t shy away from humanity’s challenges but are determined to help solve them. AMD is powering the next generation of supercomputing, high-performance computing, cloud, and AI. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or creating go-to-market plans, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full-time 37.5 hours a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Duration: 12 Months: May 03, 2027 to April 21, 2028 16 Months: May 03, 2027 to August 18, 2028 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking highly motivated Software Engineering intern/co-op to join our team at AMD. In this role We will assign you responsibilities in which you will work closely with our software engineers to build and maintain our software applications We will provide training on the full software creation process, from design and built to testing and deployment We will encourage you to build scripts that automate some of our software development process We will help you learn debugging methodologies to investigate the root cause of software issues In certain projects we may have your involvement in crafting technical/functional documents and reports as needed WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a Canadian-based University in a bachelor's program majoring in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline. If you have knowledge/experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Software engineering concepts, principles, and theories C/C++ programming and Scripting language like Python, Windows PowerShell, Linux shell script, Perl, Java, Javascript, UML Operating systems UNIX/Linux OS Databases, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB Cloud computing platforms, Azure Web development frameworks, Django, Rails, Spring Boot Mark up languages like HTML, XML, XSL Defect tracking, testing, debugging Git, Github, Perforce Security technologies, OAuth, SSL, or TLS PC / CPU architecture, Embedded systems, microcontrollers Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.