As the largest private-sector power producer in the world and the nation's largest producer of clean and reliable energy, Constellation is focused on our purpose: lighting the way to a brilliant tomorrow for all. We have been the leader in clean energy production for more than a decade, and we are cultivating a workplace where our employees can grow, thrive, and contribute. Now integrated with Calpine, our portfolio includes 55 gigawatts of capacity from nuclear, natural gas, geothermal, hydro, wind and solar facilities, with the generating capacity to power the equivalent of 27 million homes. Our culture and employee experience make it clear: We are powered by passion and purpose. Together, we're creating healthier communities and a cleaner planet, and our people are the driving force behind our success. At Constellation, you can build a fulfilling career with opportunities to learn, grow and make an impact. By doing our best work and meeting new challenges, we can accomplish great things. Join us in meeting the country's energy needs today and tomorrow. We are currently seeking highly motivated engineering students for Engineering Internships for 2027 to work in person at our Nuclear location in Delta, PA - Peach Bottom. These paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks starting June 7th, 2027 through August 13th, 2027. Interns will work on specific projects, designed to help them gain real-world, hands-on experience working independently under an assigned supervisor and technical mentor. Historically, intern projects have included: Cooling Tower Drone Inspections Nuclear Core Analysis Control Circuit Wiring Design for Feedwater Pump Thermal Overload Calculation for Motor Operated Valves Seismic Monitoring Instrumentation Upgrade Weld Overlays Calculations on Feedwater Heater Hydrogen Electrolyzer Project Enrolled in a Bachelors or Masters Engineer Program for the Fall of 2027 Majors include Electrical, Mechanical, Nuclear, Civil, or Chemical Engineering Minimum GPA: 2.8 Cumulative AND 3.0 Major A track record of outstanding academic performance. Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment. Ability to work creativity and analytically in a problem-solving environment. Excellent leadership, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Constellation will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. You must have the ability to lawfully work in the United States without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.