Who We Are

Vermeer equips customers doing important work around the world. We are global, driven by innovation and growing. The equipment we make manages natural resources, connects people and feeds and fuels communities. We live out a caring culture, we demonstrate agility, we keep a focus on customers and are stewards of our resources. These beliefs drive our culture, determine how we treat others and steer our business.

Work Shift
1 - First Shift

Job Summary
The Test Engineer Intern helps perform the required instrumented and cyclic testing of engineering prototypes necessary to confirm reliability standards expected of production units. This position assists in fabricating, disassembling, and reassembling test parts.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

1. Demonstrate the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused, and stewardship and model the associated behaviors.

2. Help plan, coordinate, and implement sequence of testing and instrumentation procedures for test units.

3. Document accurate test results and testing procedures.

4. Justify test duration period, duty cycles, and methods for duplicating actual field conditions. Help develop logical methods to accelerate testing where applicable.

5. Disassemble test units and inspect components for defects and/or specification.

Education and/or Experience

- High School diploma required.

- Current student pursing a Bachelor's degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering.

- Previous internship is a plus.

Other Skills and Abilities

- Ability to operate a scope, soldering station, drill press, hand drill, hand tools and VOM meter.

- Demonstration of good oral and written communication skills.

- Ability to create accurate, professional and error-free documents in a timely manner.

- Ability to provide informative and professional assistance when working with the public/customers and co-workers and maintain positive interpersonal relationships which encourage openness.

- Ability to conduct new product testing, to disassemble test units, and inspect components for defects and specification.

- Ability to assist production efforts with other engineers and departments.

- Ability to interpret test results to provide a conclusion from supporting data.

Essential Functions

Standing: Continuously

Sitting: Occasionally

Walking: Frequently

Hand Coordination: At least average/bilateral

Twisting: Occasionally (up to 2 minutes in position)

Bending - Trunk: Occasionally (up to 2 minutes in position)

Bending - Neck : Occasionally (up to 15 degree flex for up to 2 minutes)

Elevated Work/Reach: Occasionally (up to 2 minutes in position)

Squatting/Kneeling: Occasionally (up to 2 minutes in position)

Climbing: Occasionally

Pulling: Rarely (up to 70 lbs) Occasionally (up to 50 lbs) Frequently (up to 20 lbs) Continuously (up to 10 lbs)

Pushing: Rarely (up to 70 lbs) Occasionally (up to 50 lbs) Frequently (up to 20 lbs) Continuously (up to 10 lbs)

RH Grip: Rarely (up to 70 lbs) Occasionally (up to 50 lbs) Frequently (up to 20 lbs) Continuously (up to 10 lbs)

LH Grip: Rarely (up to 70 lbs) Occasionally (up to 50 lbs) Frequently (up to 20 lbs) Continuously (up to 10 lbs)

RH Pinch: Rarely (up to 15 lbs) Occasionally (up to 10 lbs) Frequently (up to 5 lbs) Continuously (up to 2 lbs)

LH Pinch: Rarely (up to 15 lbs) Occasionally (up to 10 lbs) Frequently (up to 5 lbs) Continuously (up to 2 lbs)

Floor to Waist Lift: Rarely (up to 50 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs)

Horizontal Lift: (up to 50 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs) Frequently (up to 10 lbs) Continuously (up to 5 lbs)

Waist to Crown Lift: Rarely (up to 40 lbs) Occasionally (up to 10 lbs)

Work Location
ONSITE: A team member’s day-to-day work is best done on a Vermeer campus. If work content can be occasionally completed at an offsite location, discuss potential arrangements with your manager.

Equal Opportunity Employer

At Vermeer Corporation, we believe in the value of your unique identity, background, and experiences. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other status protected by the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com .

Interested? We’d love to get to know you.