Job Details:

Job Description:

Contributes to module process development, process integration flows, and equipment configuration for manufacturing modules. Supports yield improvement initiatives by analyzing defect data, conducting experiments, and assisting in risk assessments. Electrcial characterization of transistors and analysis of data to help yield or improved process conditions. Collaborates with engineering teams to optimize metrology strategies and troubleshoot process flow issues. Contributes to continuous improvement efforts in high volume manufacturing environments.

As an intern, learns and applies knowledge, builds skills, and explores future career opportunities through hands on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment

Qualifications:

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences.

Minimum qualifications:

• Must be pursuing a PhD degree in a hard science discipline such as Electrical Engineering, Physics, Materials Science.

• Research related to semiconductor materials

Preferred qualifications:

• Track record of role modelling safety in the lab environment.

• Semiconductor process knowledge

• Willing to work in a lab and clean room environment, with safety equipment such as glasses and gloves and transistor characterization

• Device test and data analysis, experience with DLTS

• Experience measuring devices on a cryo-prober

• Semiconductor device physics knowledge

• GPA 3.0 or higher

Join us at Intel to contribute to technological advancements while building a rewarding and impactful career. Apply now to be a part of our extraordinary journey.

Job Type:
Student / Intern

Shift:
Shift 1 (United States of America)

Primary Location:
US, Oregon, Hillsboro

Additional Locations:

Posting Statement:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.

Position of Trust
N/A

Benefits

We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel .

Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD

The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process.

Work Model for this Role
This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change.

*

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter.