Description Do you love developing creative solutions to challenging problems? Do you want to learn more on how to best defend the United States, our armed forces, and our allies from all forms of air and missile threats? If you are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or a similar major and want to work in an exciting and collaborative environment to solve challenging technical problems, we'd love to have you join our team. We are seeking an intern to join our Weapon Control Concepts Development Group which specializes in advanced research and program of record activities for rapid prototype developments. As an intern, you will assist in conducting modeling and simulation analysis, identify defensive systems gaps, and develop new system concepts to revolutionize defensive capabilities for the U.S.A. You will apply math, engineering, computer science, and physics knowledge to implement new distributed algorithms, advanced Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques, object tracking and discrimination, data fusion concepts, etc. in support of a wide variety of U.S. Navy, Missile Defense, and Air Force systems. As a member of our team... You will help conduct research and development activities related to U.S. Missile Defense systems You will assist in the development, testing, and analysis of new concepts related to weapon control systems You will participate in implementing algorithms and design modeling and simulation components of systems You will develop AI/ML-based concepts and technical solutions to solve challenging problems You will apply novel data fusion and tracking concepts for object tracking and discrimination applications You will utilize advanced programming languages to develop and test technical solutions You will help develop prototype capabilities and work with real-world systems to transition ideas to fielded systems You will contribute to our group to uphold core values through participation in collaborative teams and activities, as well as a dedication to continual improvement, innovation and risk-taking, and developing high quality products Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or similar degrees with a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale Have a working knowledge of computer programming, object oriented design, and Linux Have a working knowledge and development in MATLAB, C++ and/or Java Have a desire to apply software engineering techniques to complex problems Have good written and verbal communication skills Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Have experience with scripting languages such as Python Have an understanding of software development and testing Have experience with Unix- or Windows-based systems About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly