Job Description:

Note: Fidelity will not provide immigration sponsorship for this position.

An internship within Asset Management (AM) is more than just a summer experience. It is an opportunity to build meaningful connections, develop professional skills, and gain hands-on experience within one of the industry's leading asset managers. As a paid intern at Fidelity Investments, you will be aligned to a team and contribute to day-to-day business initiatives while working alongside experienced professionals. Throughout the program, you will take ownership of meaningful projects designed to provide real-world exposure and a deeper understanding of the role and business function.

In addition to valuable on-the-job experience, interns participate in a robust professional development program that includes learning sessions, career-focused workshops, and networking opportunities with peers and leaders across the organization. Our goal is to provide an engaging and impactful experience that helps you grow both personally and professionally while gaining insights that extend far beyond the classroom.

We are currently accepting applications for opportunities across a variety of functions within Fidelity Asset Management, including but not limited to Board Programs, Business Operations & Strategy, Compliance, Fidelity Digital Asset Management, Human Resources, Investment Product Group, Investment Services, Risk, and the Treasurer's Office. These teams play a critical role in supporting Asset Management's business objectives. Interns will have the opportunity to contribute to meaningful work while gaining exposure to the breadth and depth of the organization.

Board Program

The Board Program is responsible for the successful management of content, process, communication, and logistical activities as related to matters of several Fidelity Boards. In addition to the coordination and management of the board process, the Board Program is responsible for providing oversight and direction to successfully align the board strategy with Fidelity’s overall strategy. The team is split up between Strategy and Planning, Content Management and Event Management.

Business Operations & Strategy

The Asset Management Business Operations and Strategy team provides support to the Asset Management Investment Services (AM IS) organization spanning the areas of technology implementation and innovation, as well as development and execution of AM IS’s internal communication and talent strategy. The team’s mission is to provide support across all AM by driving awareness, scale, efficiency, data governance and strategy, quality and commonality across our platforms, processes and data.

Compliance

Asset Management Compliance (AMC) works closely with Fidelity’s investment teams cross all asset classes to ensure compliance with global regulations, investor requirements, and corporate policies in the interest of promoting customer trust and confidence in Fidelity. AMC is committed to driving Fidelity forward through business partnership and stewardship, platform modernization, and talent development. AMC associates are passionate about providing sound mentorship and creative solutions in a timely and responsive manner to support Asset Management in delivering the best customer experience in the financial services industry.

Fidelity Digital Asset Management (FDAM)

Fidelity Digital Asset Management [FDAM] is building an investment platform offering digital asset products and services designed to meet the growing needs of Fidelity’s retail customers and intermediary and institutional clients.

Human Resources

The Asset Management Human Resources (AM HR) organization is focused on three specific priorities in support of the Asset Management business groups: Find, hire and leverage the best talent; develop, reward, and retain associates; and build for the workforce of the future. AM HR acts as a key business partner to our colleagues within Asset Management and more broadly throughout Fidelity as we work to develop industry leading strategies for the prospect experience, the associate experience, and our ability to develop skills for the workforce of the future.

Investment Product Group

The Investment Product Group plays a key role at Fidelity, working closely with our asset management and distribution channel colleagues, and the broader organization to deliver a diverse range of investment capabilities to meet the needs of our retail, intermediary and institutional clients.

Investment Services

The Investment Services teams provide support to the following asset classes: Equity, High Income & Alternatives, Fixed Income, Fidelity Asset Management Solutions and Quantitative Research and Investments. The IS teams provide daily support to the investment teams to help ensure the integrity of the operational landscape and serve as a point of contact for the investment team and business partners. We do this by taking the lead on new product implementation and product change related tasks, troubleshooting problems, coordinating cross-company initiatives, building, and fostering relationships across internal business partners, ensuring processes adhere to established policies and procedures

Risk

Asset Management Risk provides direction to management and business units by proactively identifying and monitoring risks to protect the interests of the firm, clients, and associates. To execute this goal, Asset Management Risk is responsible for identifying, analyzing, aggregating, and reporting on significant and emerging risks to assist management in improving their controls and processes.

Treasurer’s Office

The Asset Management Treasurers Office provides fiduciary oversight of Fidelity’s funds, shareholder activity, and service providers. We use industry knowledge, technical experience, and our responsibility as fiduciaries to set and monitor adherence to fund policies, and we support the Funds’ Boards of Trustees in fulfilling their responsibilities to the Fidelity Mutual Funds. In addition to overseeing Fidelity’s existing products, we also actively support Asset Management’s efforts to expand investment capabilities by ensuring appropriate oversight is in place for new products prior to implementation.

Responsibilities may include the opportunity to:

• Contribute to high-impact projects that support Asset Management's strategic goals and objectives while gaining exposure to senior leaders and key business partners.

• Participate actively in team meetings, offering insights, sharing ideas, and collaborating with colleagues across the organization.

• Collaborate with peers on group projects, cross-functional initiatives, and team-building activities that strengthen professional and interpersonal skills.

• Support and engage in community outreach and volunteer initiatives that reflect Fidelity's commitment to giving back and making a positive impact.

Education and Experience:

• Demonstrated leadership, initiative, or meaningful involvement through academic, extracurricular, community, or professional experiences.

• Strong academic performance and a genuine interest in financial markets, investing, or the asset management industry.

• Currently enrolled in a full-time undergraduate degree program, with an anticipated graduation date consistent with internship eligibility requirements.

Skills and Knowledge:

• Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to convey ideas clearly and effectively.

• Proven ability to manage multiple priorities, work independently, and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.

• Eagerness to learn, take initiative, and embrace new challenges.

• Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking skills, coupled with intellectual curiosity.

• Ability to collaborate effectively and contribute to a diverse, team-oriented environment.

• Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, particularly Excel and PowerPoint.

Locations : Boston, MA, Merrimack, NH, and Smithfield, RI.

*Please note housing and relocation are not offered for this internship.

Company overview

At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to complete the application or interview process.

The base salary range for this position is $20 - $32 per hour.
Placement in the range will vary based on job responsibilities and scope, geographic location, candidate’s relevant experience, and other factors.

Note, the application window closes when the position is filled or unposted.

Please be advised that Fidelity’s business is governed by the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the Investment Company Act of 1940, ERISA, numerous state laws governing securities, investment and retirement-related financial activities and the rules and regulations of numerous self-regulatory organizations, including FINRA, among others. Those laws and regulations may restrict Fidelity from hiring and/or associating with individuals with certain Criminal Histories.

Certifications:

Category:

Administration