Type of Requisition:
Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
None

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
None

Public Trust/Other Required:
None

Job Family:
Interns

Job Qualifications:

Skills:
Collaboration, Computer Information, Computer Literacy
Certifications:
None
Experience:
0 + years of related experience
US Citizenship Required:
No

Job Description:

Sponsorship is not available for this role.

At GDIT, our people are our business. We pride ourselves on the work our innovators do to support and secure some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the world. We wouldn’t be successful without our ability to attract new talent to join our team.

What sets a GDIT internship experience apart from other organizations in the industry?

GDIT’s Summer Internship Program is designed with you in mind!  Our internship provides you the opportunity to be a part of a collaborative team that is helping to solve our clients’ most challenging matters. Throughout GDIT’s 10-week Summer Internship Program, you will have the opportunity to do the following:

• Work side-by-side with GDIT professionals delivering work for clients.

• Collaborate with a team of peers to research and propose solutions to a current business challenge.

• Participate in a mentoring circle led by an early career champion.

• Interact with GDIT leaders.

• Participate in professional development.

How You’ll Make this Internship Opportunity Your Own

Our Generative AI Software Development summer interns will work on a range of projects that ideally align with their interests. Some interns will support the continued development of generative AI solutions by assisting with design, configuration, testing, documentation, and data analysis. Other interns will help evaluate generative artificial intelligence capabilities, improve solution performance and user experience, and contribute to prototypes and features supporting future customer implementations. The ideal intern will have knowledge of AI engineering and cloud platforms.

The Must-Haves

• Currently enrolled in an associate's, bachelor's or master's degree program in computer science, IT, engineering, or other STEM field from a United States-based college or university.

• Basic understanding of Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Excel, and Teams)

What You’ll Need to Deliver Your Best Every Day

• Problem solving and interest in big data.

• Interest in data transformation, model selection, cross-validation, and deployment

• Interest or experience with big data platform tools

• Knowledge of AI engineering techniques

• Knowledge of at least one major cloud provider - AWS, Azure, or GCP

• Knowledge of Python or other programming languages

• Experience working in a collaborative team environment.

• Intuitiveness with an ability to identify and solve complex problems related to rapidly changing technology.

• Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions.

GDIT interns are paid and full-time (40 hours/week) for 10 consecutive Applicants should have a minimum of one semester remaining in their studies after their internship concludes. Take the first step and apply today!

Note: We receive a high volume of applications and review them on a rolling basis. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible. Our goal is to follow up with you within two weeks of your application.

#GDITInternship

#GDITLA

The likely hourly rate for this position is between $19.55 - $26.45. This is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary. Rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Travel Required:
Less than 10%

T elecommuting Options:
Hybrid

Work Location:
USA LA Bossier City

Additional Work Locations:

Total Rewards at GDIT:
Our benefits package for all US-based employees includes a variety of medical plan options, some with Health Savings Accounts, dental plan options, a vision plan, and a 401(k) plan offering the ability to contribute both pre and post-tax dollars up to the IRS annual limits and receive a company match. To encourage work/life balance, GDIT offers employees full flex work weeks where possible and a variety of paid time off plans, including vacation, sick and personal time, holidays, paid parental, military, bereavement and jury duty leave. To ensure our employees are able to protect their income, other offerings such as short and long-term disability benefits, life, accidental death and dismemberment, personal accident, critical illness and business travel and accident insurance are provided or available. We regularly review our Total Rewards package to ensure our offerings are competitive and reflect what our employees have told us they value most.

Our Identify Verification Process:
As part of the hiring process, we will ask you to complete an identity verification process that leverages advanced biometrics and artificial intelligence to ensure authenticity and protect against identity fraud. You are expected to be on camera during virtual interviews. We reserve the right to take your picture to verify your identity and prevent fraud. By proceeding, you authorize the collection, processing, and use of your biometric data for identity verification and security purposes.

About our Work:
We are GDIT. A global technology and professional services company that delivers technology solutions and mission services to every major agency across the U.S. government, defense and intelligence community. Our 26,000 experts extract the power of technology to create immediate value and deliver solutions at the edge of innovation. We operate across 50+ countries worldwide, offering leading mission-ready capabilities in AI, cloud, cyber and software development.

Join our Talent Community to stay up to date on our career opportunities and events at
gdit.com/tc .

Equal Opportunity Employer / Individuals with Disabilities / Protected Veterans