Company Overview Planview has one mission: to close the gap between strategic intent and business outcome, providing the intelligence organizations need to act decisively. As the global leader in Strategic Portfolio Management, Planview helps organizations of all sizes achieve their business goals, faster and smarter. Our comprehensive platform bring initiatives, investments, and resources into a continuous, connected model of the business: the actionable understanding leaders need to move decisively, keep teams and AI in lockstep, and know how their initiatives are performing.—now powered by Planview Anvi, our next-generation enterprise AI that delivers expert guidance, intelligent recommendations, and actionable insights, turning complex data into decisive action from strategy through execution. Recognized as a Leader in the 2026 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Strategic Portfolio Management for the fifth consecutive year, we proudly serve more than 3,000 customers globally, including 45% of the Fortune 100—and more than 3 million users worldwide. Why Join Planview? At Planview, our people’s connections drive our innovation and success. Our global team of 1,500+ employees work remotely and across offices in Austin, Vancouver, Hod HaSharon, Bangalore, Sydney, and Stockholm. We've built a world-class, connected culture rooted in shared values that empowers our teams to thrive and succeed from anywhere. When you join Planview, you're not just joining a company, you're joining a movement to transform how the world works. Discover more about our portfolio at planview.com, and connect with us on LinkedIn, Instagram, and X. The Opportunity Do you want to gain valuable experience to secure the perfect role after graduation? Are you interested in finding out what career paths are available to you? If you answered ‘yes’, then you’ve come to the right place. As an intern with Planview, you get the opportunity to gain meaningful, paid work experience to support your academic learning. You will be supported in further developing your skills and have the chance to learn more about the areas of our business that are the most relevant to your career goals. We’re looking for Strategy Analyst interns to join our team in Austin, Texas, in the summer of 2027. Please note that the application window for this role will open on August 10 and close on October 7. We anticipate beginning the interview process in late October. #LI-DNI What You'll Do Conduct research on industry trends, market dynamics, and competitive analysis to identify key insights and growth opportunities for clients at the intersection of business and technology Prepare and deliver high-quality presentations and reports to communicate findings, recommendations, and implementation plans to clients and internal stakeholders. Assist in the development of business cases, financial models, and feasibility studies to support strategic decision-making. What You'll Bring These roles are open to students currently enrolled in an accredited University or college program, or recent graduates. Candidates must be available to work from our Austin office for the duration of the internship. Benefits at Planview At Planview, you’ll join our global team and culture, which reflects the vibrant communities in which our employees live and work. To support you at Planview, you will enjoy: Unplugged Days: company-wide paid days off per year to recharge and relax. An attractive hourly salary. Paid time to volunteer through Planview’s Force for Good. On-site yoga classes, Massage Therapist visits, Lunch and Learns, and other fun activities. Weekly office lunches for hybrid team members and social events. Flexible work hours/environment. Now is a great time to join our team. If you are looking for a place to grow your career, innovate with best-in-class solutions, and build the future of connected work, Planview is the right place for you! Equal Employment Opportunity at Planview Planview is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. As part of our efforts to build a diverse workforce, we encourage applications from Indigenous, Black, and other racialized communities, 2SLGBTQIA+ communities, people with neurodivergence, immigrants, people with disabilities, and other equity deserving groups. In addition to building a diverse workforce, we are committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible experience. Reasonable accommodations for the interview process can be requested by emailing recruitment@planview.com. AI Use in Recruitment Planview may employ AI-based tools to support certain recruiting activities, however all decisions affecting a candidate's application are made by a human recruiter or hiring manager. Planview is committed to complying with applicable AI regulations, including the EU AI Act and other emerging legislation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and reviews its AI practices as these requirements evolve. Questions regarding the processing of your data may be directed to privacy@planview.com.