Power that runs the world | Discover careers in Operations

Operations roles at Amazon put you at the center of how things move from a click to a doorstep. You'll help design, improve, and run systems that connect people, products, and places at scale. You'll take ownership early, work closely with teams to solve real-world challenges, and see the direct results of your decisions as they reach customers every day. Here, the impact of what you build isn't abstract, it's visible, immediate, and meaningful - keeping one of the world's most complex operations moving forward. This is where your journey takes shape through action, responsibility, and the opportunity to grow in many directions.

This is not a corporate, remote or office-based position. This is a ten-week internship (40 hours per week) during the summer of 2027 located within one of Amazon’s fulfillment centers, sort centers, delivery stations or other operations buildings.

Operations is at the heart of Amazon’s business. We are known for our speed, accuracy, and exceptional service. Our buildings deliver tens of thousands of products to hundreds of countries worldwide, every day. The Reliability & Maintenance Engineering (RME) team are the business partners that work behind the scenes to make it happen. We drive continuous improvement and maintain all the robotics and material handling equipment (MHE) to ensure our customers are met with the Amazon smile. Come join us on our journey!

As an Automation Engineer Intern, you will play a crucial role in maximizing equipment reliability and operational performance in our fulfillment centers by providing proactive controls automation and technical support. Your expertise will be essential in troubleshooting complex control systems, analyzing performance metrics, and driving continuous improvement initiatives. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams to optimize material handling equipment (MHE) systems and implement innovative projects. You'll work with state-of-the-art technology, including conveyors, sortation systems, scanners, cameras, label systems, and SCADA devices and programs. Through your efforts, you'll directly contribute to ensuring our customers receive their orders with Amazon's signature speed and accuracy.

Term: 10 weeks

Benefits: Access to Amazon's Medical Advice Line, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), and financial benefits.

Visit www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/facilities to find more information on each of our building types.

Please note we are not able to provide sponsorship now or in the future for these positions. Eligible candidates must have work authorization without employer intervention to be considered.

This role will require the flexibility to relocate, as we prioritize placing candidates based on business need. Site placement is matched by aligning your location preferences with location availability after your interview. Summer relocation and housing assistance provided if eligible.

Based on your performance during the internship, you will have the opportunity to receive an offer for full-time employment upon graduation.

Key job responsibilities
• You will learn to maintain and troubleshoot material handling control systems, including PLC/PC controllers and industrial networks such as Ethernet, ControlNet, DeviceNet, Profibus, motor control systems, servo drives, frequency drives, and electrical distribution systems

• You will monitor MHE metrics and partner with maintenance/operations to address system performance issues and provide analysis across all operations

• You will drive standard work and continuous improvement through an intern project

• You will be able to stand/walk during shifts lasting up to 12 hours, including climbing and descending stairs, and lifting up to 49 pounds

• You will work shift patterns that may include nights, weekends, and/or holidays based on business needs. While shifts vary site to site, most follow a fixed 4-day work week with 3 days off.

Basic qualifications
- Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program with all requirements anticipated to be completed between December 2027 and August 2028.

Preferred qualifications
- Strong communication skills, both verbal and written.
- Excellent customer service and interpersonal skills.
- Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's program for automation engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, or another related field.

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.

The starting pay for this position is listed below. Final starting pay will be based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Starting Day 1 of employment, Amazon offers EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, 401(k) matching. Learn more about our benefits at https://hiring.amazon.com/why-amazon/benefits .

USA, IN, Plainfield - 77,520.00 USD annually
USA, KY, Campbellsville - 69,785.00 USD annually
USA, LA, Shreveport - 69,785.00 USD annually
USA, NJ, Avenel - 77,520.00 USD annually
USA, OH, Rossford - 77,520.00 USD annually
USA, PA, Shippensburg - 77,520.00 USD annually
USA, SC, Spartanburg - 69,785.00 USD annually
USA, TN, Mt. Juliet - 69,785.00 USD annually
USA, VA, Virginia Beach - 77,520.00 USD annually
USA, WA, DuPont - 80,200.00 USD annually