Description Are you looking for exciting opportunities to help determine how to best defend the United States, our armed forces, and our allies from all forms of air and missile threats? If you are pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field, and a looking for internship opportunities to work on challenging technical problems, we would love to have you join our team. We are seeking talented students to join our Networked Systems and Integrated Fires Group to conduct algorithm development, modeling and analysis for air and missile defense. You would become a part of the team that works on a wide range of exciting technical challenges involving sensor data processing, target tracking, multi-sensor data fusion, communications and networking, and system-of-systems design that encompasses sensors, networks, combat systems and weapons, all with the goal of developing groundbreaking solutions for distributed warfare theaters. You will use math, engineering, physics and software skills to model, analyze and improve existing and prototype new air and missile defense systems and concepts. As you do so, you will broaden and deepen your technical knowledge and make contributions to important national security missions. As a member of our team... Your primary responsibility will be contributing to the development of distributed air and missile defense systems You will model, analyze, and study performance of current systems, identify opportunities for improvements, and propose and develop new algorithms and concepts You will be a part of dynamic and collaborative group culture with many opportunities for learning and growth Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field with a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale Have a theoretical knowledge and coursework in some of the following: probability theory, statistics, linear algebra, signal processing, time-frequency analysis, communications theory, RF engineering Have good analytical skills and can effectively communicate ideas and results Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and ultimatley obtain a Final Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have experience using MATLAB, Python, and/or C/C++ for algorithm development, modeling and simulation Have practical experience working with sensors and signals Have a Final Secret security clearance About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly