Job descriptions may display in multiple languages based on your language selection.

What we offer:

At Magna, you can expect an engaging and dynamic environment where you can help to develop industry-leading automotive technologies. We invest in our employees, providing them with the support and resources they need to succeed. As a member of our global team, you can expect exciting, varied responsibilities as well as a wide range of development prospects. Because we believe that your career path should be as unique as you are.

Group Summary:

The Mechatronics, Mirrors and Lighting group specializes in automotive technologies that are driving the future of mobility. Combining a deep systems knowledge to develop unique vehicle access experiences, intelligent visions systems and advanced automotive lighting technologies, MML's expertise light the path to innovation, safety and styling.

Job Responsibilities:

Work is focused on daily workflow requirements which involve detailed engineering assignments. Guidance is provided either by instruction received on specific assignment objectives, complex features, and possible solutions; or in the form of independently evaluating, selecting, and applying established and well-defined engineering techniques, procedures, policies or systems. Decisions involve minimal risk to the organization. Continued and increasing levels of skilled and challenging work.

•
Support team efforts related to product, process, tooling, testing, and materials as it relates to product engineering activities.

•
Takes direction from other staff engineers and Engineering Managers for predevelopment engineering activities through the production phase. Understands and adheres to program schedule and reports progress as required.

•
Serves as a liaison and coordinates development activities of internal and external resources. Serves as a resource by providing a problem-solving function by initiating action to overcome obstacles as they are encountered.

•
Participates in continuous improvement efforts. Researches, recommends, and implements new and/or existing products, processes, materials and equipment. Engages in comparative and competitive analysis to ensure utilization of most appropriate beneficial techniques.

•
Support team effort in benchmarking automotive and non-automotive parts when necessary.

•
Performs other duties as necessary for completion of projects and achievement of departmental goals.

Awareness, Unity, Empowerment:

At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email or traditional mail to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.

AI-Assisted Screening Disclosure

As part of our commitment to a fair, consistent, and efficient recruitment process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the initial screening of applications submitted through our Workday system. These tools help identify qualifications and experience that align with the role requirements. Please note that AI is used solely to support our recruiters. Final decisions are always made by the hiring manager and the hiring team. Importantly, no applicant data is shared externally through these AI tools. All information remains securely within our systems and is handled in accordance with our privacy and data protection policies.

Under conditions defined by applicable law, you may have the right to request an explanation of how AI is used to support decision-making.

If you have any questions or concerns about this process, feel free to contact our Talent Attraction team.

Worker Type:
Student / Co-Op

Group:

Magna Mechatronics, Mirrors & Lighting