Job Description

WHAT WILL YOU DO?

Wealth Management Operations Summer Interns have the opportunity to gain experience in one of the different areas of wealth management working alongside experienced Operations professionals.

Summer Interns obtain hands-on experience working alongside experienced business professionals, exposure to the different areas of wealth management and an understanding of RBC Wealth Management capabilities.

WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED?

• Bachelor’s Degree with a focus in Business, Economics, Finance, Mathematics, or related field

• Graduating December 2027 or Spring 2028

• Basic market knowledge and a demonstrated keen interest in the financial markets

• Strong analytical and personal skills

• Demonstrated problem-solving skills, business sense and the ability to multi-task and prioritize in high pressure environments

• Proficient with the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook

• Knowledge and experience in one or more of the following areas recommended: Customer Service, Accounting, Financial Planning/Analysis, Data Entry

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, think progressively, continue our growth, and deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our individual/collective potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

From this experience you would gain:

• Direct exposure and hands-on experience including opportunities to do challenging work

• Ability to make a difference and lasting impact

• Opportunity to connect with different Capital Markets businesses

• Ability to work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team

• Training including orientation sessions as well as an in-class curriculum and regular information sessions with key business leaders

The good-faith expected salary for the above position is $20-$30/hr depending on factors including but not limited to the candidate’s experience, skills, registration status; market conditions; and business needs. This position is non-exempt and paid at the equivalent hourly rate.

RBC’s compensation philosophy and principles recognize the importance of a highly qualified global workforce and plays a critical role in attracting, engaging, and retaining talent that:

• Drives RBC’s high-performance culture

• Enables collective achievement of our strategic goals

• Generates sustainable shareholder returns and above market shareholder value

Job Skills

Active Learning, Adaptability, Communication, Creativity, Interpersonal Relationships, Listening Effectively, Personal Development, Personal Initiative, Teamwork

Additional Job Details

Address:

250 NICOLLET MALL:MINNEAPOLIS

City:

Minneapolis

Country:

United States of America

Work hours/week:

40

Employment Type:

Full time

Platform:

HUMAN RESOURCES & BMCC

Job Type:

Student/Coop (Fixed Term)

Pay Type:

Salaried

Posted Date:

2026-09-18

Application Deadline:

2026-10-30
Note : Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Our Employment Opportunities

At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com .