Who We Are

Applied Materials is the global leader in materials science and engineering solutions that are at the foundation of virtually every new semiconductor chip and advanced display in the world. The equipment that we create and service is essential to advancing AI and accelerating the commercialization of next-generation semiconductor chips. Join us and push the boundaries of materials science and engineering in a company at the foundation of the electronics industry. The work we do together advances the world’s technology.

What We Offer

Location:
Albany,NY

You’ll benefit from a supportive work culture that encourages you to learn, develop, and grow your career as you take on challenges and drive innovative solutions for our customers. We empower our team to push the boundaries of what is possible—while learning every day in a supportive leading global company. Visit our Careers website to learn more.

At Applied Materials, we care about the health and wellbeing of our employees. We’re committed to providing programs and support that encourage personal and professional growth and care for you at work, at home, or wherever you may go. Learn more about our benefits .

At Applied Materials, the work we do together advances the world’s technology. Applied Materials is the global leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. We design, build and service manufacturing equipment for the semiconductor and display industries.

At the Applied Materials Global Technical Learning Center in Albany NY, our expert technical instructors provide technical training for both employees and customers on Applied Materials semiconductor manufacturing systems. Our certified instructors equip individuals with the knowledge and skill required to safely operate and maintain systems through proper workmanship techniques.

We are seeking a self-motivated and driven Data Analyst Intern to support our team. In this role, you will collect, clean, and analyze complex data sets, transforming them into clear, actionable insights and visual presentations. Your work will help our operations team make informed business decisions by leveraging data and key performance indicators (KPIs)

Responsibilities:

•
Gather, Clean and Correct - Use our current digital systems to collect raw data to remove errors and duplicates. Error checking source data to assure the source is true

•
Analyze trends - use statistical methods to find patterns and answer specific business questions

•
Visualize and present: Develop visualization dashboards or reports using tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Excel to share actionable insights with management and stakeholders for recurring reporting.

Key Skills Required:

•
Critical thinking skills and root cause analysis

•
Detail-oriented with excellent organizational skills

•
Proficiency in SQL, Excel, Python, PowerBI, Tableau, Powerpoint, etc

•
Use of Copilot/ generative AI /Agentic AI a plus

•
Bachelors or Masters degree students in Computer Science, Data Analytics, Business Analytics, or data engineering discipline

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please apply by November 30, 2026. Note: This position may close early based on application volume or candidate selection.

Additional Information

Time Type:
Full time

Employee Type:
Intern / Student

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the Time

Relocation Eligible:
No

The salary offered to a selected candidate will be based on multiple factors including location, hire grade, job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and with consideration of internal equity of our current team members. In addition to a comprehensive benefits package, candidates may be eligible for other forms of compensation such as participation in a bonus and a stock award program, as applicable.

For all sales roles, the posted salary range is the Target Total Cash (TTC) range for the role, which is the sum of base salary and target bonus amount at 100% goal achievement.

Applied Materials is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

In addition, Applied endeavors to make our careers site accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us via e-mail at Accommodations_Program@amat.com, or by calling our HR Direct Help Line at 877-612-7547, option 1, and following the prompts to speak to an HR Advisor. This contact is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.