Job descriptions may display in multiple languages based on your language selection.

What we offer:

At Magna, you can expect an engaging and dynamic environment where you can help to develop industry-leading automotive technologies. We invest in our employees, providing them with the support and resources they need to succeed. As a member of our global team, you can expect exciting, varied responsibilities as well as a wide range of development prospects. Because we believe that your career path should be as unique as you are.

Group Summary:

Transforming mobility. Making automotive technology that is smarter, cleaner, safer and lighter. That’s what we’re passionate about at Magna Electronics, and we do it by creating world-class Electronic systems. We are a premier supplier for the global automotive industry with full capabilities in design, development, testing and manufacturing of complex Electronic systems. Our name stands for quality, environmental consciousness, and safety. Innovation is what drives us and we drive innovation. Dream big and create the future of mobility at Magna Electronics.

Job Responsibilities:

Day to day accounting functions – accounts payable, accounts receivable, journal entries, expense reports and capital.

Special project –

• Supplier statement reconciliation

• Sales and used tax

• Capital asset inventory

Use several different systems (SAP, Microsoft, Hyperion, concur, teams). This is a great opportunity to enhance your excel skills.

Qualifications :

• Studying accounting or finance.

• Prior working experience

Education / Experience

• High School Diploma

• Currently Attending a College or University

Special Knowledge / Skills:

• Proficient Computer knowledge and skills, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

• Professional Communication skills (written and verbal)

Awareness, Unity, Empowerment:

At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email or traditional mail to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.

AI-Assisted Screening Disclosure

As part of our commitment to a fair, consistent, and efficient recruitment process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the initial screening of applications submitted through our Workday system. These tools help identify qualifications and experience that align with the role requirements. Please note that AI is used solely to support our recruiters. Final decisions are always made by the hiring manager and the hiring team. Importantly, no applicant data is shared externally through these AI tools. All information remains securely within our systems and is handled in accordance with our privacy and data protection policies.

Under conditions defined by applicable law, you may have the right to request an explanation of how AI is used to support decision-making.

If you have any questions or concerns about this process, feel free to contact our Talent Attraction team.

Worker Type:

Student / Co-Op

Group:

Magna Electronics