Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities You’ll collaborate across global teams to design, optimize, and implement ASIC packaging and subsystem solutions that meet test & measurement product functionality, performance, quality and schedule requirements. This role is part of Keysight Laboratories, a world-renowned technology organization which enables Keysight to be first to market with breakthrough products and solutions. ASIC package, module, and subsystem development including layout, integration, SI/PI analysis, and power delivery network design Modeling & optimization of high-frequency RF and high-speed digital I/O interconnects Close collaboration with system, IC design, and test teams to develop and define hardware architecture, requirements, functionality, and performance Collaboration with the test & reliability teams in the characterization and qualification of each ASIC Lifecycle support for existing ASIC components Qualifications REQUIRED: Working towards a BS, MS or PhD degree in Electrical/Mechanical/Materials Engineering or equivalent CAD Modeling and/or Simulation coursework and in school experience Understanding of Electrical Engineering and RF signal integrity principles PREFERRED: Signal integrity analysis using commercially available tools Package or PCB layout experience using commercially available tools Classroom or work experience in hardware/circuit design, RF/microwave design, high-frequency modeling/optimization, or high-power density design Experience with semiconductor, packaging, and printed circuit board technologies, associated materials, manufacturing processes, and design methodologies Knowledge of thermodynamics and thermostructural analysis principles Understanding of materials science principles Familiarity with IC design methodologies, processes, and workflows preferred CO Pay Range: $35.90-$38.66/ hr Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***