Job Description Summary
Come and join our powerful, unified force with the energy to change the world.

Our mission is BIG. Our TRANSFORMATION is key – bringing the right businesses together to LEAD the ENERGY TRANSITION. Our TEAM is ready.

Job Description

As a Grid Solutions Co-op/Intern we will prepare you for an exciting career in Engineering, where you will:

• Work on assignments/projects to stretch your learning and skill set,

• Report progress and status,

• Use your academic knowledge to complete assigned project(s), deliver positive outcome, and contribute to the success of our team,

• Grow your technical expertise in your chosen field and expand your skills in new areas.

• Engineering interns in Grid Solutions experience technically challenging assignments in the power generation.

Join us in these exciting roles of managing processes and procedures that drive customer satisfaction. As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to dive into the world of Lean, industrial, quality, or electrical engineering, where you will assess, pinpoint and actively implement improvements. Additional projects may involve working with cross-functional teams that focus on improving the quality of production areas. You may utilize AI and Lean Six Sigma methodologies in driving improvement through the production area.

Required Qualifications:

• Must be enrolled in a full-time undergraduate or graduate program in Mechanical Engineering or Electrical Engineering or a related engineering discipline. Energy related majors will be considered.

• Must be able to develop and maintain good customer relationships.

Other Eligibility Requirements:

• The required work location is Clearwater, FL - 100% onsite.

• Must have the ability to work in the United States for an unlimited amount of time without sponsorship

Preferred Qualifications:

• Minimum 3.0 on a 4.0 scale or 4.0 on a 5.0 scale cumulative GPA (without rounding).

• Interest in the power industry.

• Projects related to the power industry.

Employment Dates:

May or June 2027 to August 2027 (Summer).

Benefits Available to You:

Addressing the climate crisis is an urgent global priority, and at GE Vernova, we take our responsibility seriously. That is the singular mission of GE Vernova: to continue electrifying the world while simultaneously working to help decarbonize it. In order to meet this mission, we provide varied, competitive benefits to help support our workforce.

The pay for this position ranges from $21.00/hr - $27.00/hr based on years of undergraduate/graduate field of study completed .

Employee Assistance Pr ogram: providing 24/7 confidential assessment, counseling and referral services.

GE Retirement Savings Plan (RSP): after their accumulated service reaches 90 days, and they meet any other eligibility requirements as defined in the plans. (Eligibility occurs on the 1st of the month following the 90th day).

This position is also eligible for:

Relocation Assistance: Co-op/Interns will be reimbursed for reasonable, proper, and documented expenditures incurred while initially reporting to work and returning to school/home upon completion of the assignment. Employees with a permanent address greater than 50 miles away from the work location are eligible.

Housing Allowance: Co-op/Interns employees receive a weekly housing allowance to help off-set living expenses when the co-op/Intern’s permanent residence is at least 50 miles away from the work location.

GE Vernova offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Inclusion
At GE Vernova, we believe in the value of your unique identity, background and experiences. We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture, where everyone feels empowered to do their best work because they feel accepted, respected and that they belong. Click here to learn more: Our Culture | GE Vernova

Grid Solutions, a GE Vernova business, provides power utilities and industries worldwide with equipment, systems, and services to bring power reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to end power consumers. We are focused on addressing the challenges of the energy transition by enabling the safe and reliable connection of renewable and distributed energy resources to the grid. For more about GE’s Grid Solutions, visit https://www.gevernova.com/grid-solutions/

Additional Information

GE Vernova offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE Vernova will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

For candidates applying to a U.S. based position only:

This posting is expected to remain open for at least seven days after it was posted on September 19, 2026.

U.S. Internship roles are ineligible for GE Vernova benefits.