Overview Keysight is on the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~15,000 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities As an intern, you will apply your knowledge and skill acquired from coursework and research to help develop the next generation of architecture and heterogeneous integration of Keysight compound semiconductor IC’s. Process development efforts will focus on processes like metal plating, metal and dielectric CMP, lithography, ILD dry etching, etc. At the same time, you will gain and apply knowledge about Keysight's industry, infrastructure and products in your assignment. This is developing real world experience in a company that is a leader in the markets it serves. This internship is flexible in length between 3-6+ months. Qualifications · Pursuing an MS or PhD in Materials Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or a related field connected to semiconductor fabrication. · Experience with advanced microelectronics processes is required. Direct experience with silicon semiconductor processing is preferred. · Hands-on laboratory experience in semiconductor processing is highly preferred, especially in wet processes such as solvent strip, wet etch, electroplating, or related chemical processing. Experience with analytical or metrology tools such as SEM, profilometry, XRF, or similar techniques is also preferred. Candidates should be able to understand process details and identify opportunities for improvement. · Experience with statistical design of experiments is an important skill for this role. The candidate should be able to analyze process details, support process development, improve process performance, and help troubleshoot technical issues. · Candidates must have strong interpersonal, problem-solving, and communication skills to work effectively within and across teams. They should be able to present complex technical problems in a clear, logical, and easy-to-follow manner. · Must be highly motivated, open to engineering direction, and able to build on newly acquired knowledge to complete tasks in support of aggressive product development schedules and high-volume manufacturing expectations. Keysight Internship Program Requirements Candidates who wish to be considered must be currently enrolled in a accredited college/university as of September 2027. Applicants who have graduated before September 2027 will not be considered unless they are starting a MS or PHD program after graduating. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for post internship employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. This position requires access to certain goods, software, technology, or technical data subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations. Under these laws and regulations, U.S. persons (which includes U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, lawful permanent residents, refugees, and asylees) working for Keysight can access export-controlled items without authorization from the U.S. government. For any individual who is not a U.S. person, Keysight may need authorization from the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Commerce, or other appropriate federal agency before the individual can access export-controlled items. Employment in this position for non-U.S. persons is contingent on Keysight’s ability to obtain any required government authorizations. California Pay Range: (Masters)- $43.27 - $46.60 (PhD)- $52.89 - $56.96 Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***