Job Description

RBC Capital Markets is seeking highly skilled and motivated individuals to join our Algo Research team as AI Engineers. Our team is at the forefront of leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to develop innovative trade execution algorithms and advanced analytics solutions. This role presents a unique opportunity to contribute to cutting-edge research and development in quantitative finance, working alongside top-tier professionals in a dynamic and collaborative environment.

We are particularly interested in candidates with strong technical expertise, a passion for data-driven problem-solving, and the ability to apply advanced AI techniques to real-world problems. Experience in finance is not required.

This internship position is 16 months in duration, from May 2027 to August 2028 . Students are expected to return to school following the completion of the internship.

What We’re Looking For:

We are seeking candidates who demonstrate the following qualifications and attributes:

• Software Engineering & Programming: Expertise in Python, and knowledge of databases, scripting, Unix systems, data structures, and networking.

• Applied Machine Learning : Proficiency in ML techniques (e.g. Feature Engineering, Loss Function Design, Deep learning, Reinforcement Learning) and tools (e.g. PyTorch, Scikit-learn, MLflow).

• Data Science: Experience working with large datasets to extract insights and create visualizations using libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Seaborn, and Streamlit

• Probability & Statistics: Strong understanding of probability concepts and statistical methods.

• Communication: Skilled in conveying quantitative concepts to non-technical stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities:

• Employ advanced machine learning techniques to address complex trading related problems.

• Develop and optimize AI-driven trading algorithms/strategies and incorporate them into client-facing applications.

• Collaborate with traders, researchers, and subject matter experts to conceptualize and implement innovative products.

• Analyze large datasets to derive actionable insights and create impactful visualizations.

• Contribute to a variety of high-impact projects spanning multiple asset classes and trading strategies.

Why Join RBC Capital Markets?

• Be part of a forward-thinking team at the forefront of AI-driven innovation in finance.

• Collaborate with industry-leading experts on Canada’s largest trade floor.

• Gain exposure to real-world applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning in quantitative trading.

• Thrive in a culture that values innovation, collaboration, and continuous professional development.

If you are a highly motivated individual with a strong technical background and a desire to contribute to the future of quantitative finance, we invite you to apply for this exciting opportunity.

In order for your application to be considered, please upload your COVER LETTER and RESUME as ONE PDF FILE .

We thank all interested candidates; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

Job Skills

Additional Job Details

Address:
ROYAL BANK PLAZA, 200 BAY ST:TORONTO
City:
Toronto
Country:
Canada
Work hours/week:
37.5
Employment Type:
Full time
Platform:
CAPITAL MARKETS
Job Type:
Student/Coop (Fixed Term)
Pay Type:
Salaried
Posted Date:
2026-09-14
Application Deadline:
2026-10-01
Note: Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Pay Range

The expected pay range for this position is:
$60,000.00 - $100,000.00

The pay range provided is for the primary work location referenced in the Additional Job Details section of this job posting. RBC supports pay transparency and we strive to ensure all pay ranges and competitive, fair, and equitable. Your actual pay is determined by a number of factors, including your experience, skills and education.

Our Employment Opportunities

At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com .

RBC is presently inviting candidates to apply for this existing vacancy. Applying to this posting allows you to express your interest in this current career opportunity at RBC. Qualified applicants may be contacted to review their resume in more detail.