Company:
Oliver Wyman

Description:

Job title: Summer Analyst 2027– Data and Analytics (DNA)

Location: Raleigh, NC only

Internship length : 8 weeks

Eligibility : Class of 2028 grads only (bachelor’s & master’s);

Application Deadline: October 11th, 2026 11:59 PM ET

Who We Are
Oliver Wyman is a global management consultancy working across all areas of industry, financial services, government, and non-profit organizations. Clients approach us with their most significant challenges, and we assemble teams of experts to address each facet of these complex issues. Together, we create breakthroughs that lead to remarkable impact.

Within Oliver Wyman, the Data and Analytics (DNA) division was established in 2017 and is operating globally. We are a dynamic and rapidly growing team of quantitative analytics specialists, collaborating closely with colleagues across the firm to cover a global footprint, working across multiple industries including, but not limited to, Financial Services, Climate & Sustainability, Energy, Retail, and Transportation.

We believe in the power of diverse perspectives and collaborative teams to drive innovation. Our team comes from a wide range of backgrounds and experiences, and we embrace the unique skills and insights they bring to our work. At Oliver Wyman and within DNA, we are proud of the values we uphold that guide us every day in how we work and collaborate. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their full potential.

The role:

This 8-week summer internship offers excellent growth opportunities for highly motivated college students from quantitative disciplines with some exposure to data analytics, model development and/or model validation.

This is a client-facing, project-based analytics role, and some travel to client sites may be expected as part of building client relationships and setting projects on a solid foundation, but most of our work can be conducted from Raleigh. We will make flexible working hours and market leading work life balance a priority considering your individual needs.

The ideal candidates will possess strong technical skills, capability to work in teams, deliver pieces of work efficiently and under high quality standards and have an open and flexible mindset.

Responsibilities will include:

• You will work as part of our small, fast-growing team, in coordination with other Oliver Wyman teams and clients

• You will work with large and complex datasets producing customized analyses and advanced models using statistical techniques for the client’s needs

• You will work on model development or validation with guidance from experienced managers

• You will work on summarizing, presenting and documenting the performed analyses and features of the developed solutions in client-ready formats

Required skills and experience:

• Working towards a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g. Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Data Science, Computer Science or Engineering

• Strong analytics and communication skills

• Experience in advanced analytics and data manipulation - R, SQL, Python

• Experience to work effectively and collaboratively in a team, while being sufficiently self-directed to meet deadlines and produce high-quality output when working independently

• Be able to find innovative, practical and flexible solutions to business issues

• Excellent command of English language (verbal and written)

How to Apply?
We are accepting applications for the Raleigh office. Unrestricted US work authorization is required. Oliver Wyman does not offer visa sponsorship for this position.

Please submit your CV and transcripts. If you would like to find out more information about Oliver Wyman, please visit  our website  .​

Oliver Wyman is a business of Marsh (NYSE: MRSH), a global leader in risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting, advising clients in 130 countries. With annual revenue of over $27 billion and more than 95,000 colleagues, Marsh helps build the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. For more information, visit oliverwyman.com, or follow us on LinkedIn and X. 

Marsh is committed to embracing a diverse, inclusive and flexible work environment. We aim to attract and retain the best people and embrace diversity of age background, disability, ethnic origin, family duties, gender orientation or expression, marital status, nationality, parental status, personal or social status, political affiliation, race, religion and beliefs, sex/gender, sexual orientation or expression, skin color, veteran status (including protected veterans), or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. If you have a need that requires accommodation, please let us know by contacting reasonableaccommodations@marsh.com.

Marsh is committed to hybrid work, which includes the flexibility of working remotely and the collaboration, connections and professional development benefits of working together in the office. All Marsh colleagues are expected to be in their local office or working onsite with clients at least three days per week. Office-based teams will identify at least one “anchor day” per week on which their full team will be together in person.