Description Are you interested in helping to tackle the challenge of defending our nation against air, ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats? Do you want to help ensure that our nation’s afloat and ashore forces can effectively command and control defensive systems to counter these threats? Do you enjoy solving problems by working with interdisciplinary teams and developing and applying new skills? If so, we’d love to have you join our team! We are a team of engineers and scientists who perform innovative research, modeling, analysis, testing, and prototype development in the missile defense and electronic warfare domains. We focus on ensuring command and control resiliency in these domains, where our nation’s afloat and ashore forces face degraded, hostile, and uncertain conditions. We are seeking interns with interest and skills in both software development and analysis to help us develop algorithms, create models, run simulations, and/or analyze test data to ultimately improve the capabilities of our nation's developmental and deployed defensive systems. As a member of our team... You will work as part of an interdisciplinary team to model, simulate, analyze, and/or develop software for missile defense or electronic warfare systems. You will learn about the warfighting missions and domains where our team has impact. You will gain technical experience in algorithm development, model implementation, data analysis, and/or software development. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in engineering, data science, computer science, physics, applied math, or a related field with a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have a passion for developing software and analyzing data. Have experience with C++, Java, or similar. Have experience with Matlab or Python. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date, and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have prior academic or practical experience modeling and/or analyzing complex system behaviors. Already possess a Secret level (or higher) security clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly