About Us TRC, Member of WSP, is a global consulting environmental and engineering firm and one of the top design firms in the energy sector. Together, TRC and WSP’s 83,000 experts create positive, long-lasting impacts for our communities and our clients in the power and energy, transportation and infrastructure, environmental, and property and buildings sectors. As part of our team, you’ll discover a world of opportunities to connect with innovative thinkers, forge your path, and have fun tackling the world’s most challenging projects. At TRC, Member of WSP, you can have a rewarding career on every level. TRC has long set the bar for clients who require more than just engineering, combining science with the latest technology to devise innovative solutions that stand the test of time. From pipelines to power plants, roadways to reservoirs, schoolyards to security solutions, clients look to TRC for breakthrough thinking backed by the innovative follow-through of an industry leader. We recognize that the expertise of our staff is our strongest asset, so we generously reward employees for successful performance and invest in their careers through training and the development of new skills and certifications. Overview Note: By applying to this position, your application is automatically submitted to our Summer Internship Program openings in over 150 locations throughout the U.S TRC is seeking highly motivated and diverse Advanced Energy Interns for our Summer 2027 intern program out of our Seattle, WA Office. This is a paid full-time position. Anticipated duration will be from June through August 2027 (flexible). This position has the potential to transition into a Full-Time role upon graduation. The successful candidate will work under the supervision of Project Managers and Team Leaders and partner with engineers, scientists, and technologists. Responsibilities The intern will support AE Technology projects focused on modernizing business systems and evaluating new solutions. Anticipated work includes helping analyze data for Captures Cloud migration planning, developing Power BI reports, documenting business processes and requirements, and supporting testing and validation. The intern may also contribute to a focused proof of concept by researching solution options, preparing a demonstration, and presenting findings and recommendations to the team. Specific assignments will be matched to the intern’s skills and current project needs. Perform data entry, data management, data evaluation, and data present Will be supported by leaders, mentors and teammates Perform other related duties and responsibilities as necessary Qualifications Must be at least 18 years old. Pursuing PhD, Masters, Bachelor or Associate Degree in Computer Science; Information Systems / Management Information Systems; Software Engineering; Data Science or Data Analytics; Computer Engineering; Business Analytics, or related field. Minimum GPA of 3.0. Strong analytical and communication skills; ability to work independently and collaborate with business and technical teams; familiarity with data analysis, software development, or cloud technologies; and an interest in translating business needs into practical technology solutions. Experience with SQL, Python, Power BI, Power Platform, Azure, or automation is a plus. AI, SQL, Python, Power BI, Power Platform, Azure, or automation tooling. Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint). Honest, fun, hard-working and ready to learn and grow. Has excellent verbal and written communication skills. Possesses solid technical and problem-solving skills. Self-motivated, detail orientated person. AI, SQL, Python, Power BI, Power Platform, Azure, or automation tooling. Benefits*: TRC ensures that interns/trainees receive benefits in accordance with the laws of their state or country of residence. Compensation: In accordance with local law, the below salary range is applicable for the job and location associated with this requisition. Compensation will vary based upon experience, education, skill level, geographical location, and other compensable factors. Other Compensation: Employee may be eligible for participation in the Company’s annual Discretionary Bonus Program which is contingent on Company, Business Segment, and Individual performance against Key Performance Indicators which vary by year and employee. Disclaimers TRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. All employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. The complete job description and application are available on TRC’s career site. TRC accepts applications for this position on an ongoing, rolling basis and reserves the right to cancel this posting at any time. Salary Range USD $20.00 - USD $28.00 /Hr.