Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department Overview
On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions innovations, products, and services play essential roles in people’s lives. Our elite 11-week student internship program is designed with our interns in mind. It all starts with our belief that the next big idea can come from anyone, anywhere at any time.

Job Description

We are seeking energized candidates pursuing a Bachelors of Science in Finance and/or Accounting to intern in the areas of Internal Audit, Investor Relations, Business Finance (Product, Software, Supply Chain, Services, System Integration), Treasury, and Corporate Accounting.

Motorola Solutions Finance interns are given impactful work with opportunities to:

•
Conduct internal audits and advisory engagements, track implementation of profit improvement plans, analyze data trends and performance, consolidate and report results, and much more!

•
Network with all members of all Financial Leadership Team, including our CFO

•
Pair up with your mentor as part of our robust mentorship program

•
Attend career and personal development workshops, collaborate with a team on a case study, and conduct a final presentation

Our goal is to help develop our interns and prepare them as they begin to contemplate life after school through hands-on experience with real problems that need real solutions. We want them to grow in ways they have never expected. We help people be their best in the moments that matter. This is our purpose, and we want them to be a part of this effort.

Our Corporate Finance & Accounting Internship will be hybrid for Summer 2027.

Basic Requirements

•
Pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with a graduation date on or after December 2027

•
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. indefinitely is required. Employer work permit sponsorship is not available for this position

Travel Requirements
None

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Intern

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.