Date Posted:
2026-09-22&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-MN-BURNSVILLE-WEST ~ 14300 Judicial Rd ~ WEST BLDG&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract.&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

What You Will Do

Sensors and Integrated Systems – Integrated Air Data Systems (IADS) Engineering is seeking a Systems Engineer Intern to support continued growth within the product organization. The Systems Engineer Intern works in a focused, cross-functional team of engineers designing and developing aviation sensors and integrated systems. This role interfaces with engineers and other integrated project team members to execute existing developments, troubleshoot technical issues with the broader engineering team, and support in-service products.

Your daily activities may include coordinating team technical decisions, writing and managing requirements, and communicating with leadership on project needs. Examples include:

• Planning, documenting and managing product requirements

• Participating in the new product design cycle with engineering teams, including design reviews

• Providing technical suggestion to a cross-functional engineering team to ensure common understanding and provide a product design that meets customer needs

• Supporting compliance to AS9100 and our Quality Management System, or other guidelines, for development project execution related to aircraft systems

Qualifications You Must Have

• Must be pursuing a Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering, or a closely related STEM discipline, and actively enrolled through the completion of the co‑op session.

• Must have a minimum of 60 credit hours by the start of the co‑op.

Experience with DOORS, Polarion ALM, and MATLAB/Simulink/StateFlow strongly desired.

• Experience may be obtained through on‑the‑job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

Qualifications We Prefer

• Prior RTX internship, co‑op, or aerospace-related experience.

• Strong interpersonal communication and teamwork skills.

What We Offer

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Safety, Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

• Relocation Eligibility: Determined by role and business needs.

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

• Onsite : Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms