Date Posted:
2026-09-25&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-IL-ROCKFORD-P6 ~ 4747 Harrison Ave ~ 4747 HARRISON AVE-P6&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract.&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

What You Will Do

Collins Aerospace is a leader in technologically advanced, intelligent solutions that help redefine the aerospace and defense industry. With a comprehensive portfolio and deep technical expertise, we help customers meet the demands of the global market. Join us and help shape the future of aerospace and defense.

Looking for an exciting opportunity to learn more about the Aerospace industry while finishing your degree? Consider joining us here at Collins Aerospace, where we’re working side-by-side with customers to unleash the exciting possibilities we see before us. With a comprehensive portfolio, extensive capabilities and broad expertise, we’re crafting intelligent solutions to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market – all representing the best in innovation and technology for the industries we serve across commercial, business, space, and military & defense aviation.

Partner with our dedicated people leaders to experience meaningful work aligned with your university curriculum, powerful exposure to leadership at all levels, tailored career growth, and more! At Collins, we’re redefining aerospace and we’re just getting started. Come soar with us.

Collins Aerospace is currently seeking a systems engineer intern student in our Electric Power Systems, Systems Integration department. This position is based on site in Rockford, IL. Teams are comprised of cross-functional engineers.

Able to apply fundamental knowledge to immediate system engineering tasks identified by System lead Engineer that is identified to work with our intern.
Expected to engage in System engineering practices as assigned by the lead engineer that cover the system lifecycle. This may include requirements engineering, analysis, design, implementation, testing, project management etc.

Capably prepare and publish the necessary project documents involved in the specification, design, testing, and deployment of software. Co-ops effectively participate in customary project discussions, walk-throughs, reviews and inspections.

Provide a flexible and intelligent aide to our engineers who are tasked with handling project administration and technical analysis tasks that can be done by a junior engineer freeing them up for other higher priority tasks. It gives us an opportunity to size up upcoming graduates for potential hire as well as convince the interns/coops of the value of a job here in Rockford.

What You Will Learn

• Depending on your project assignment you could gain knowledge in:
System requirements capture and requirements management

• Modeling in MatLab in support of requirements development and validation

• System level test procedure development

• System level development test and change management

• System level qualification verification effort

Qualifications You Must Have

• Must be pursuing Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

• Experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

• Must have a minimum of 60 hours of credit by the start of the internship / co-op session.

Qualifications We Pre fer

• Scripting skills (TCL, Python, Java).

• Knowledge of MatLab Simulation and Simulink.

• Languages C/C++, VB.

What We Offer

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

• Relocation Eligibility

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

• Onsite : Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms