Job Description:

The Role

Fidelity Labs is looking for a Co-op, B usiness A nalyst to play an important role in driving innovation for Fidelity. Your overall mission will be to help prioritize opportunities for new businesses , and to strengthen business plans for new ventures already in incubation . The ideal candidate possesses a unique blend of analytical, project management, technical, and business skills.

The Expertise and Skills You Bring

•
Current student pursuing either an undergraduate or graduate degree

•
Strong intellectual curiosity, with experience conducting quantitative and/or qualitative research 

•
Excellent verbal and written communications, including the ability to synthesize research and effectively visualize data   

•
Outstanding project management skills: highly organized and d iligent with ability to prioritize across competing projects

•
Analytical problem solver with an ability to form data-driven recommendations

•
You are comfortable with ambiguity, and enjoy designing a plan to manage through it

•
Self-starter with strong work ethic and passion for products, technology, and financial services

•
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, particularly Excel and  Powerpoint  

The Team

We are Fidelity Labs , Fidelity Investments’ in-house fintech incubator with a mission to build new businesses to drive growth for Fidelity. We seek to shape the future of our industry by building new products and services to improve the lives of the diverse set of customers, businesses and financial institutions we serve.

Fidelity Labs is a dynamic workplace that combines the best parts of startup life—building from scratch, adapting quickly, and moon-shot ambition—with the scale and stability of an industry leader. We provide a safe space for startup teams to explore new business ideas, quickly test them with customers, and scale the most promising concepts within an existing business unit, or as a new venture. Learn more at www.f idelitylabs.com

This role will be part of the Commercialization and Business Operations team.

Company Overview

At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want ! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com . Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.

Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to complete the application or interview process. Please email us at accommodations@fmr.com or call 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 2 if you would like to request an accommodation .

This opportunity is brought to you by Fidelity Labs.

The base salary range for this position is $39 - $70 per hour.
Placement in the range will vary based on job responsibilities and scope, geographic location, candidate’s relevant experience, and other factors.

Note, the application window closes when the position is filled or unposted.

Please be advised that Fidelity’s business is governed by the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the Investment Company Act of 1940, ERISA, numerous state laws governing securities, investment and retirement-related financial activities and the rules and regulations of numerous self-regulatory organizations, including FINRA, among others. Those laws and regulations may restrict Fidelity from hiring and/or associating with individuals with certain Criminal Histories.

Certifications:

Category:

Administration