Description Are you a creative and inventive engineer who loves to understand how things work? Are you interested in reverse engineering and exploiting software and hardware devices? We are seeking motivated developers, computer scientists, computer engineers, and cyber researchers who are passionate about advancing the field of cybersecurity! The Systems Exploitation team performs vulnerability research, develops novel cyber capabilities, and pioneers groundbreaking approaches to defeat sophisticated security protections. As an intern in the Systems Exploitation group, you may... Exploit hardware, firmware, and software Reverse engineer embedded systems Collaborate with teammates to identify vulnerabilities or security weaknesses stemming from publicly disclosed information or previously unknown vulnerabilities Aid in the development of proof-of-concept capabilities or extend existing capabilities Explore techniques for automating binary analysis and reverse engineering Learn from experts in software development, reverse engineering, and vulnerability analysis Interns typically work as part of a larger team and are given tasking scoped to match the duration of their stay. At the end of the internship, each intern prepares a short presentation highlighting their work and project contributions. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications if you are... Pursing a Bachelor's degree, Master's degree, or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related discipline. Maintaining a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale Proficient with programming languages such as C, C++, Python, Rust Familiar with reverse engineering tools, software debuggers, and/or static analysis tools (Ghidra, IDA Pro, Binary Ninja, Windbg, gdb, etc) Comfortable with Linux/Unix operating systems Familiar with one or more assembly languages (x86/x64, ARM, MIPS, etc.) Able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and ultimately a final TS/SCI Clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond if you are also familiar with… Basic exploitation techniques such as buffer overflows and command injections Experience with Capture the Flag exercises and/or hackathons Windows, Linux, Android, and/or iOS internals Cross compiling toolchains for embedded devices Experience with hardware design or development (e.g., digital circuits, FPGAs, or embedded systems) Familiarity with hardware interfaces and protocols such as I²C, SPI, and JTAG Experience working with RF systems (e.g., wireless communications, software-defined radio, or RF debugging tools) Symbolic execution engines such as angr About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly