ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern or co-op, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: San Jose, CA or Santa Clara, CA Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time (40 hours a week), in either a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term Duration: Spring-Summer Co-op: January 25, 2027 – August 13, 2027 Summer Internship: Semester Schools: May 24, 2027 - August 13, 2027 Quarter Schools: June 21, 2027 – September 10, 2027 Summer-Fall Co-op: Semester Schools: May 24, 2027 - December 10, 2027 Quarter Schools: June 21, 2027 – December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated Software Test Engineering intern/co-op to join our team and participate in different phases of the Software Test lifecycle in close collaboration with the development teams and Project Engineers to drive defects to closures. In this role – We will train you to develop and complete both automated and manual Test Plans/Test Case with varies test strategies consisting of Functional testing, Negative testing, Regression Testing, customer/end user testing, Performance, Reliability and Usability We will have your involvement to prioritize and efficiently handle several concurrent projects and testing tasks We will assign you tasks for reproduction, trouble shooting, and triaging of software defects, reporting of the same and driving them to closure We will help you to build Test Case/Plan for new features, new products (dGPU and APU) and new Operating Systems (Linux and/or Windows) You will be encouraged to share ideas to improve current process are valued You will work with our team to identify matrices and measurements for various aspect of the software QA development cycle and making them efficient WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: You are currently enrolled in a US based University in an bachelor's degree program majoring in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline If you have knowledge / experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Software quality analysis process and methodology PC configuration (both Software and Hardware) with methods of Troubleshooting and interest in PC platform architecture Programming/scripting skills like Python, VBA, C++, Selenium framework Keen interest in PC gaming and latest computer graphics technologies (including 3D graphics concepts/API/Gaming, VR and MR, display technologies (FreeSync/HDR), Multimedia, Compute) Exposure to development / triaging / debugging in Linux and/or Windows environment Exposure to databases and reporting tools Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.