ADVANCE YOUR CAREER. ADVANCE THE WORLD. At AMD, we believe technology has the power to solve the world’s most important challenges. From advancing healthcare and scientific discovery to powering AI and the technologies people rely on every day, innovation at AMD is shaping the future. Whether you’re designing next-gen processors, enabling AI breakthroughs, or bringing leading edge products to market, every role at AMD contributes to something bigger — technology that moves the world forward. Join us and, together, we’ll advance your career. As an AMD intern, you’ll be placed at the epicenter of the AI ecosystem, working alongside experts and industry pioneers. You’ll do important work, learn new skills, expand your network, and gain real-world experience on projects that impact millions of end-users worldwide. Whether you’re an undergrad or a PhD student, your contributions matter—and your experience here will be a launchpad for what comes next. JOB DETAILS: Location: Markham, Ontario, Canada Onsite/Hybrid: This role requires the student to work full time 37.5 hrs a week, either in a hybrid or onsite work structure throughout the duration of the co-op/intern term. Winter Duration: 4 Months: January 11, 2027 to April 23, 2027 8 Months: January 11, 2027 to August 20, 2027 Summer Duration: 4 Months: May 3, 2027 to August 20, 2027 8 Months: May 3, 2027 to December 10, 2027 Fall Duration: 4 Months: September 13, 2027 to December 10, 2027 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: We are seeking a highly motivated Hardware Design Verification Engineering intern/co-op to join our team and support the testing and verification of AMD’s high-end Machine Intelligence products. In this role you will participate in one or more of (but not limited to) the below assignments – Collaborate with senior engineers and/or designers to build and complete performance verification test plan, simulation test cases and models Write scripts related to tracking and managing resources using Perl/Python We will assign tasks related to test regression flows written in Perl/Python/MySQL/PHP to support our project development You will review new tools, processes and options to improve simulation performance, team efficiency and reduction of duplications Support debugging, improving simulation test cases/models and Verilog/system Verilog coding Build test platforms and perform system level testing Production validation tasks, testing the integrated hardware and software functionalities to ensure problem-free production WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: Currently enrolled in a Canada based University into a Bachelor's degree program majoring in Electrical engineering, Computer science, Computer engineering or a related field. If you have experience with any of the following technical skills (or related areas) and are enthusiastic about this role, we strongly encourage you to apply – Programming languages and scripts such as C++ /Python /C /Perl /Shell / UVM Verilog and System Verilog Good understanding of the digital systems and computer organization Building a PC from individual components, installing OS/drivers, basic network configuration, graphic cards CPU/APU System level hardware and software design Development and debugging in Linux / Unix / Windows environments Fundamentals of logic design (FSM, gates, registers, flops, timing, HDL) An understanding of analog and digital transistor device behavior Note: By submitting your application, you are indicating your interest in AMD intern positions. We are recruiting for multiple positions, and if your experience aligns with any of our intern opportunities, a recruiter will contact you. Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance. AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here. This posting is for an existing vacancy.