What You'll Do We are seeking a motivated and detail-oriented intern to join our Risk Management team for Summer 2027! This position offers hands-on experience in identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks across Principal. Interns may support enterprise risk management or investment risk management in Principal Asset Management, depending on business needs, candidate background, and areas of interest. You will work closely with risk management professionals while gaining exposure to business leaders, control partners, and internal audit as we work through real-world risks & opportunities that financial services firms face in today’s business environment. Operating at the intersection of financial services and technology, Principal builds financial tools that help our customers live better lives. We take pride in being a purpose-led firm, motivated by our mission to make financial security accessible to all. Our mission, integrity, and customer focus have made us a trusted leader for more than 140 years! Responsibilities Assist in risk assessments, control evaluations, and analysis across our business operations, enterprise functions, or investment portfolios Support the development and maintenance of risk registers, dashboards, reporting, and leadership materials Research emerging risks, industry trends, and best practices Collaborate with internal stakeholders to support implement risk mitigation strategies Who You Are Currently pursuing an undergraduate or graduate level degree in Risk Management, Finance, Business, Economics, Actuarial Science, or a related field is required Undergraduate GPA of 3.0 is required Coursework or experience in risk management, investments, financial modeling, compliance, or data analytics Meaningful involvement with community or school organizations and/or through work experience is preferred Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Skills That Will Help You Stand Out Familiarity with Governance, Risk & Compliance tools (such as ServiceNow or Archer) and data visualization tools (such as Power BI). Experience using Bloomberg and/or advanced Excel skills (VBA, Bloomberg add-in, pivot tables etc.) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to connect data, business context, and risk implications Excellent written and verbal communication abilities Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Salary Range Information Salary ranges below reflect targeted base salaries. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation for all roles will be based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Salary Range (Non-Exempt expressed as hourly; Exempt expressed as yearly) $24 - $24 / hour Time Off Program Paid company holidays and any time off required in your state. Pension Eligible Yes Our Internship Culture Join an established program that provides hands-on experiences for 200+ interns each year! You'll learn new skills with dedicated teams and mentors, build your professional network and collaborate across a global Fortune 500 company. We care about offering you diverse experiences and exciting challenges that push you to reach for bigger life goals, all while enjoying our flexibility and work life balance. Join us for events such as our Executive Speaker Series, gain career direction, and much more! https://www.principal.com/about-us/careers/internships Summer Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $4,000 (net of taxes). This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on this stipend amount listed above as a financial benefit but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Work Environments This role offers in-office and hybrid (blending at least three office days in a typical workweek) work arrangements between May-August. Remote work arrangements (only if residing more than 30 miles from Des Moines, IA, or Charlotte, NC) available during school year (January-May for Spring Extension/Co-Op or August-December for Extension/Fall Co-Op). You’ll work with your leader to figure out which option may align best based on several factors. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we're not considering applicants that need any type of immigration sponsorship (additional work authorization or permanent work authorization) now or in the future to work in the United States. This includes, but IS NOT LIMITED TO: F1-OPT, F1-CPT, H-1B, TN, L-1, J-1, etc. For additional information around work authorization needs please use the following links. Nonimmigrant Workers and Green Card for Employment-Based Immigrants Investment Code of Ethics For Principal Asset Management positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization. Experience Principal At Principal, we value connecting on both a personal and professional level. Together, we’re imagining a more purpose-led future for financial services – and that starts with you. Our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our interns. Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Posting Window We will accept applications for 3 full days following the Original Posting Date, after which the posting may remain open or be removed based upon applications received. If we choose to post the job again, we will accept additional applications for at least 1 full day following the Most Recently Posted Date. Please submit applications in a timely manner as there is no guarantee the posting will be available beyond the applicable deadline. Original Posting Date 9/1/2026 Most Recently Posted Date 8/31/2026 Principal uses artificial intelligence tools to assist in reviewing and evaluating job applications, fraud prevention, and candidate matching and comparisons. These AI tools support our human recruiters in the initial review process but do not make final hiring decisions without human involvement. By submitting your application, you acknowledge this use of AI in our recruitment process. Please review our Workforce (U.S.) Privacy Notice for more details on our practices and your data privacy rights.