Role Type:
Internship/Co-op

Work Term:
Winter/Term 2

Work Location:
Surrey, British Columbia, Canada

Hours:
0

Pay Details:
$45,700 - $74,400 CAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

Co-op and Internship opportunities allow you to gain valuable work experience across a number of the businesses at TD. You will work with experienced colleagues, receive world class training, and be part of a community of students across TD, where you will have an impact, grow as individual and experience our culture of care.

Our Co-op/Intern Programming is offered with select Co-op and Internship roles and is designed to help you better understand the TD business, build on critical career capabilities, and broaden your professional network. This program is designed to complement your on-the job experience and features:

• Leadership talks with key Leaders from across the organization

• Lunch and Learns on topics such as Innovation

• Diversity and Inclusion and Personal Branding and so much more

JOB DESCRIPTION

TD Commercial Banking provides financial solutions to North American businesses. Our broad range of products and services allows us to meet the needs of our clients in every sector, providing customized solutions to build a strategy that’s right for them now, and in the future. Our quest is to deliver a first-class business banking client experience and to be” The Better Business Bank” in North America.

At TD, better business bankers have a strong background in business and finance as well as the specific products they are responsible to sell and service. They have keen insight into all their clients – their industry, products, finances, and markets. Better business bankers demonstrate good judgment in people, businesses and markets based on education, experience, “gut instincts” and “street smarts”.

This is an exciting introductory experience into the interesting and vital world of Commercial Banking. You will learn the fundamentals of commercial lending through financial analysis, risk management and industry analysis. This will give you the capability to work closely with a variety of mid-market businesses as they strive to successfully meet their individual and financial goals. Your business skills will be put you to the test in creating business proposals based on the diverse credit, deposits, and cash management needs of your clients.

. JOB REQUIREMENTS

We’re proud to work with a group of diverse colleagues. If you have relevant experience that isn’t mentioned

below, tell us about it in your resume or cover letter.

• Currently enrolled in an undergraduate degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field

• Must be enrolled in an undergraduate degree with the intent of going back to school at the start of your work term

• Well-rounded person who works well independently and as part of a team.

• Strong desire to learn, grow and succeed.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• This position is a 4-month work term and will commence January 4th – April 23rd, 2027.

• Applications must include a transcript, cover letter (one letter-sized page or less) and a resume (maximum of 2 pages).

• We welcome all applications; however, we will only contact qualified candidates chosen for an interview. Thank you for your interest.

• TD requires employees to reside in the country where the role is located, irrespective of remote working arrangements

• TD is committed to providing you with the best candidate experience and internship in these unique circumstances. As such, work location and start dates are subject to change.

We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations,

training programs and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues

need to thrive both at work and at home.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed.

You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to

an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

Whether you have a passion for helping customers and want to expand your experience, or you want to coach

and inspire your colleagues, there are many different career paths within our organization at TD – and we’re

committed to helping you identify opportunities that support your goals.

Training and Onboarding

We’ll provide in-person training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process

We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to

all applicants by email or phone call.

HOURS

Monday-Friday, standard business hours

INCLUSIVENESS

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet