Description Do you have experience through coursework, research, internships, or projects in systems engineering, modeling and simulation, human-machine teaming, test and evaluation, or related analytical disciplines with a desire to solve some of the hardest problems facing our Nation? Are you passionate about tackling current and emerging challenges to provide real-world impact and drive the future? If you are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, Human Factors, Behavioral Science, or Operations Research and want to work on integrating systems, humans, and operations to achieve mission outcomes, we would love to have you join our team! The Health and Human-Machine Systems Group is seeking talented individuals to help us design and operationalize advanced and autonomous solutions to revolutionize complex, socio-technical systems for the Nation. We leverage skills across engineering disciplines, computer science, and data science and advanced analytics to make critical contributions to critical challenges in collaboration with government, academia, and industry. You will be joining a hardworking team of engineers and researchers responsible for developing innovative solutions and integrating cutting-edge technologies, data-driven processes, and artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) principles. You will partner with creative thinkers, motivated problem solvers, and life-long learners in support of our country and our warfighters. As a member of our team … You will work as part of a multi-disciplinary group to investigate, evaluate, analyze, and prototype technologies and operational solutions. This may include the development of system concepts and technologies to mature autonomous/intelligent human-machine partnerships. You will collaborate with operational stakeholders to understand and document their needs, and translate them into well-defined requirements to facilitate analysis, modeling and simulation (M&S), and/or system design. You will support project reviews to gather feedback on analytical approaches, techniques, system design, integration, and testing methodologies. This may lead to revising, documenting, and presenting work products based on these reviews and in accordance with APL’s high quality standards. You will help to define and develop new and innovative ways to address operational challenges and support mission-based decision-making. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in engineering (e.g., systems, biomedical, industrial, or human factors), behavioral science, or a related technical field with a strong track record of academic performance. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have experience with one of the following areas: Data analysis, data visualizations, or programming with languages such as such as Python, R, or Matlab. Modeling, simulation, or systems engineering tools such as Advanced Excel (VBA), Simio, or MagicDraw. Developing data pipelines for analysis and modeling applications Industry design trends and applying user interface (UI) best practices to achieve a positive user experience. Have excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills, and have demonstrated success while working within a team environment. To access APL’s facilities and networks, must have U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residence status. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Are pursuing a Master's or PhD in engineering (e.g., systems, biomedical, industrial, or human factors), behavioral science, or a related technical field with a strong track record of academic performance. Have experience with physiological monitoring, wearable devices, human performance, or biometric data. Have demonstrated interest in or experience relative to human-machine teaming challenges and applications. Have demonstrated experience or interest in applying autonomous systems to healthcare and health data. Have experience with physiological data collection, human subjects research, or animal testing. Have experience with user interface design tools such as Axure RP, Figma, or Adobe XD. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly