Date Posted:
2026-09-22&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-CT-EAST HARTFORD-ETC ~ 400 Main St ~ BLDG ETC&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract.&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

Interns at Pratt & Whitney work on challenging, meaningful, and impactful projects across our business. We’re looking for students with an engineer’s curiosity, an explorer’s heart, and a perfectionist’s grit to help us build the future of aerospace.

Whether supporting Mature Commercial Engines, industry-leading Geared Turbofan engines, Military Engine programs, Operations, or Business Support functions, our program seeks to help you: develop an understanding of the aerospace industry; learn about our company and its operations; and appreciate how each discipline and department’s contribution to the success of our products and customer partnerships.

While you benefit from on-the-job training and practical experience, you are expected to contribute fresh ideas and participate as a productive member of the department .

What You Will Do

Finance and Business interns will work closely with their team to deliver real results in the areas of accounting, financial planning and analysis, forecasting, and reporting. Job responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:

• The candidate will work closely with a Finance team to deliver real results in the areas of accounting, finance, financial planning and analysis or financial operations.

• Interns will work on day-to-day financial tasks as well as ad hoc projects assigned by the department.

• Summer interns may also have the opportunity to work with the Sarbanes Oxley tool, which includes gathering documentation and testing.

What You Will Learn

• Gain knowledge in Finance and Accounting practices

• Work with peers to gain knowledge with projects

• Develop day to day tasks in the Finance operation

Qualifications You Must Have

• Must be pursuing Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or related majors and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

• Must have a minimum of 60 hours of credit by the start of the internship / co-op session.

Experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

Qualifications We Prefer

• You have a GPA of 3.2 or higher

What We Offer

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

Onsite : Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms