Want to work with the best and brightest in a company that tackles challenges that have never been done before? Emerson’s Process Systems and Solutions business develops automation software to streamline manufacturing processes for our customers. Based in our Houston, TX, Blue Bell, PA, or St. Louis, MO office as a Process Automation Engineer Intern , you will support control systems projects across various industries.

This internship is a great opportunity to gain experience in plant automation and industrial control systems. You will receive hands on exposure to Emerson DeltaV engineering tools including HMI (Human Machine Interface) applications, be exposed to a variety of activities related to project execution and testing, and assist with heat and power calculations, maintenance of networking, virtualization infrastructure, and project databases.

In This Role, Your Responsibilities Will Be:

• Participate in control systems modernization and greenfield projects involving the latest technology available in automation control and safety systems.

• Assist other project team members with the development, update, and quality check of project deliverables. Typical project deliverables include network. architecture diagrams, instrumentation databases, control systems cabinet drawings, software configuration and user interface displays for DCS, SIS and PLC systems.

• Assist with the execution of hardware and software testing based on project specifications.

Who You Are:

You balance planning with actions. You establish clear goals with anticipated outcomes and results. You effectively communicate in various settings: one-one-one, small and large groups, or among diverse styles and position levels. You focus on creating an effective collaborative style. You align words and actions to model reliability. You plan and prioritize work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals.

For This Role, You Will Need:

• Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelors degree at an accredited college/university in Electrical/Chemical Engineering or Computer Engineering. Technology/Power Engineering Technology.

• Strong analytical and problem-solving skills along with attention to detail.

• Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, Access).

• Legal authorization to work in the United States. Sponsorship will not be provided for this position.

Preferred Qualifications That Set You Apart:

• Junior or Senior

• Successful completion of coursework in automation, control systems, or process control

• Exposure to Industrial Control Systems

Our Culture & Commitment to You:

At Emerson, we prioritize a workplace where every employee is valued, respected, and empowered to grow. We foster an environment that encourages innovation, collaboration, and diverse perspectives—because we know that great ideas come from great teams. Our commitment to ongoing career development and growing an inclusive culture ensures you have the support to thrive. Whether through mentorship, training, or leadership opportunities, we invest in your success so you can make a lasting impact. We believe diverse teams, working together are key to driving growth and delivering business results.

We recognize the importance of employee wellbeing. We prioritize providing flexible, competitive benefits plans to meet you and your family’s physical, mental, financial, and social needs. We provide a variety of medical insurance plans, with dental and vision coverage, Employee Assistance Program, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, employee resource groups, recognition, and much more. Our culture offers flexible time off plans, including paid parental leave (maternal and paternal), vacation and holiday leave.

Learn more about our Culture & Values .

WHY EMERSON

Our Commitment to Our People

At Emerson, we are motivated by a spirit of collaboration that helps our diverse, multicultural teams across the world drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter, and more sustainable. And we want you to join us in our bold aspiration.

We have built an engaged community of inquisitive, dedicated people who thrive knowing they are welcomed, trusted, celebrated, and empowered to solve the world’s most complex problems — for our customers, our communities, and the planet. You’ll contribute to this vital work while further developing your skills through our award-winning employee development programs. We are a proud corporate citizen in every city where we operate and are committed to our people, our communities, and the world at large. We take this responsibility seriously and strive to make a positive impact through every endeavor.

At Emerson, you’ll see firsthand that our people are at the center of everything we do. So, let’s go. Let’s think differently. Learn, collaborate, and grow. Seek opportunity. Push boundaries. Be empowered to make things better. Speed up to break through. Let’s go, together.

Work Authorization

Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1(including those with OPT or CPT) , H-1, H-2, L-1, B, J or TN, or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.

Accessibility Assistance or Accommodation

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, please contact: idisability.administrator@emerson.com .

ABOUT EMERSON

Emerson is a global leader in automation technology and software. Through our deep domain expertise and legacy of flawless execution, Emerson helps customers in critical industries like life sciences, energy, power and renewables, chemical and advanced factory automation operate more sustainably while improving productivity, energy security and reliability.

With global operations and a comprehensive portfolio of software and technology, we are helping companies implement digital transformation to measurably improve their operations, conserve valuable resources and enhance their safety.

We offer equitable opportunities, celebrate diversity, and embrace challenges with confidence that, together, we can make an impact across a broad spectrum of countries and industries. Whether you’re an established professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring possibilities, or a recent graduate with an advanced degree, you’ll find your chance to make a difference with Emerson. Join our team – let’s go!

No calls or agencies please.