The Role

We are seeking a talented individual to join our DMFI (Discretionary Macro and Fixed Income) business in the New York office. Your core mandate will be to build high-impact tools for fixed income instruments such as interest rate swaps, bonds, and interest-rate volatility products, while also generating actionable trade ideas for the team. You should be passionate about markets and eager to deepen your understanding of fixed income and quantitative/statistical techniques to provide key insights and decision support for portfolio managers.

What You’ll Do

This intern will partner with and support a Fixed Income Team within DMFI, Schonfeld’s Discretionary Macro and Fixed Income Division. You will work within a close-knit team to help build effective tools and analyze large datasets to generate actionable trade ideas.

What You’ll Bring

What you need:

• Bachelor’s student pursuing a degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Financial Engineering, Economics or related quantitative field

• Interest in macro and fixed income markets and investment strategies

• Familiarity with Python, Excel and dashboard generation

• Strong mathematical and statistical modeling experience

• Comfort with analysis of large datasets, high-level attention to detail

• Strong communication skills

Our Internship

Kick-start your career in finance with the Schonfeld Summer Internship! Over the course of 10 action-packed weeks, you will have the opportunity to build solutions that tackle real-world challenges and leave a lasting impact on the firm. As an intern, you’ll join a close-knit team that is ready to support your growth and accelerate your career. We will pair you with a dedicated manager and a mentor who’ll guide your development over the course of the internship and beyond. Throughout the program, you will have the chance to connect with senior leaders through a series of learning sessions, attend hands-on skills workshops, network at social events and get a behind-the-scenes look at how various functions power the firm. We’ll empower you to bring your ideas to life and make an impact.

Who We Are 

Schonfeld is a global multi-manager hedge fund that strives to deliver industry-leading risk-adjusted returns for our investors. We leverage both internal and external portfolio manager teams around the world, seeking to capitalize on inefficiencies and opportunities within the markets. We draw from decades of experience and a significant investment in proprietary technology, infrastructure and risk analytics to invest across four main strategies: Quant, Tactical, Fundamental Equity and Discretionary Macro & Fixed Income.

Our Culture

At Schonfeld, we’ll invest in you. Attracting and retaining top talent is at the heart of what we do, because we believe that exceptional outcomes begin with exceptional people. We foster a culture where talent is empowered to continually learn, innovate and pursue ambitious goals. We are teamwork-oriented, collaborative and encourage ideas—at all levels—to be shared. As an organization committed to investing in our people, we provide learning and educational offerings and opportunities to make an impact. We encourage community through internal networks, external partnerships and service initiatives that promote inclusion and purpose beyond the firm’s walls.

The annual base pay for this role is expected to be between $100,000 and $110,000 which will be prorated based on internship start and end date. The expected base pay range is based on information at the time this post was generated. Actual compensation for the successful candidate will be determined based on a variety of factors such as skills, qualifications and experience and level of education.

__PRESENT

__PRESENT

__PRESENT

__PRESENT