Job Title: Software Engineer – Intern

Location: Stevens Point, WI - Corporate Office during the Summer-potential remote opportunity during the school year.

Start Date: June 1, 2027

Hourly Wage : $22.11

Skyward is currently looking for Interns in our Software Engineering department who have a passion for programming blah, blah, blah…. That’s what they all say, but Skyward is different from your typical software company.

Not just an intern…

At Skyward, interns are a part of the software engineering department, so you'll be just like the rest of us - not just an intern. Skyward has one of the best onboarding programs in the industry. Our Learning and Development Department is dedicated to providing you with both an individual and collaborative learning experience that prepares you for a potential full-time position on one of our development teams.

Happy employees lead to happy customers

We take tremendous pride in helping you achieve your potential. We are committed to your personal and professional growth, and we are dedicated to helping you advance in your career. At Skyward, every employee is a valued member of our team. You'll join software engineers, relationship builders, storytellers, and problem solvers. Collectively, we all share a passion for taking great care of our customers, partners, communities, and each other. We measure success, not by how many customers we have, but rather by how well we help our customers achieve their goals.

What you get as an intern at Skyward:

• Competitive hourly rate

• Training/professional development

• Employee outings and more!

Come for the summer, continue during the school year

Internships typically span the summer months, and you'll receive real work experience and training just like our full-time employees. This means you'll be on a real development team, building and implementing new applications that our K-12 district community will use. If you've enjoyed your experience as a summer intern, there could be an opportunity for you to work throughout the school year (remotely, if needed). Pair that with successfully graduating from a two or four-year school and you could become a full-time employee at Skyward.

Want to learn more about this department and the skills it takes to succeed as a member of the Skyward team? Spend some time on our careers page at https://www.skyward.com/careers . You'll learn more about our culture, expectation, and even the day-to-day mission of the department you're applying for.

A better working experience starts here!

Click the link below to view the full job description:

Software Engineer Intern

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Skyward, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws. Click the title to view details about the law.

• Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)

• Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)

• Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)

• Transparency in Coverage

• Through UnitedHealthcare, UMR and HealthSCOPE Benefits creates and publishes these Machine-Readable Files on behalf of Skyward .

If you are looking to join a global company with a family feel, you'll find your perfect fit at Skyward, where we build software solutions for K-12 schools. Just imagine getting to help students, teachers, and school administrators succeed every day — you can't say that about every job!

We take great pride in our work, but also in our work environment: teamwork, enthusiasm, continuous improvement, and, of course, a bit of fun. When you join our team there is only one way your career will go - Skyward! 

To learn more about Skyward’s careers, history, products, and customers, go to www.skyward.com.  

Thank you for your interest!