Business Unit

What the Role Entails
About The Company

Tencent is a leading global technology company focused on connecting people and developing innovative products and services that improve the quality of life of people around the world. Founded in 1998 and publicly traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 2004, Tencent offers a variety of products and services, including leading communication and social platforms (Weixin/WeChat), high-quality entertainment (from video games, music, TV and film, sport and literature), FinTech (WeChat Pay and QQ Wallet) and industry-leading cloud products and services.

Cloud & Smart Industries Group (CSIG) is responsible for promoting the company's cloud and industry Internet strategy. CSIG explores the interactions between users and industries to create innovative solutions for smart industries via technological advancements such as cloud, AI, and network security. While driving the digitalization of retail, medical, education, transportation and other industries, CSIG helps companies serve users in smarter ways, building a new ecosystem of intelligent industries that connect users and businesses.
With our strong international growth, Tencent Cloud International is now seeking passionate, driven undergraduates or graduate students eager to dive into the world of sales, learn invaluable skills, and make a real impact with a strong passion to develop. As a Sales Intern, you will work closely with our seasoned sales professionals to understand our products/services, target market, and sales techniques. You'll have the opportunity to engage in various aspects of the sales process, including prospecting, lead generation, client communication, and closing deals. Through hands-on training and guidance, you'll develop essential skills that will set you up for a successful career in sales.

Conduct market research and customer insights in targeted industries.
Explore and reach out new customers through different channels.
Gather customer IT system and cloud usage information, assist sales team to explore opportunities.
Maintain and manage customer database and sales pipeline.
Plan, align and work with Marketing team to support any outbound campaign.
Craft sales pitches and assist sales team in qualifying prospects through good understanding of Tencent Cloud products and solutions.

Who We Look For

Final-year undergraduates / graduate students with a vision to pursue his/her sales career in Public Cloud industry
Able to commit at least 12-month full-time program.
Bright and adaptable; passionate and entrepreneurial.

Location State(s)

US-California-Palo Alto

The expected base pay range for this position in the location(s) listed above is $24.81 to $42.70 per hour. Actual pay may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.&#xa;This position will be eligible for 1 hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours worked and up to 13 paid holidays throughout the calendar year. Subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans then in effect, full-time interns are also eligible to enroll in the Company-sponsored medical plan.

Equal Employment Opportunity at Tencent

As an equal opportunity employer, we firmly believe that diverse voices fuel our innovation and allow us to better serve our users and the community. We foster an environment where every employee of Tencent feels supported and inspired to achieve individual and common goals.