Role Type:
Internship/Co-op

Work Term:
Summer/Term 3

Work Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hours:
37.5

Pay Details:
$100,000 - $100,000 CAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

About TD Securities

TD Securities offers a wide range of capital markets products and services to corporate, government, and institutional clients who choose us for our innovation, execution, and experience.

With more than 6,900 professionals operating out of 40 cities across the globe, we help clients meet their needs today and prepare for tomorrow. Our services include underwriting and distributing new issues, providing trusted advice and industry-leading insight, extending access to global markets, and delivering integrated transaction banking solutions. In 2023, we acquired Cowen Inc., offering our clients access to a premier U.S. equities business and highly diverse equity research franchise, while growing our strong, diversified investment bank.

We are growth-oriented, people-focused, and community-minded. As a team, we work to deliver value to our clients every day.

TD Securities is one of Canada's most active dealers in Debt and Equity product. Corporate and Investment Banking Credit is our team of in-house credit assessment professionals. They work closely with our Investment Banking and Sales and Trading teams, as credit is an integral part of many of our institutional client initiatives. Our credit team is involved in the origination of business and responsible for the analysis, risk assessment and ongoing monitoring of these credit transactions. At TD Securities, we believe that diversity is the key to our success in the competitive global marketplaces and we embrace people with a wide range of unique experiences and abilities.

Job Description

Your Role as a Corporate Banking Analyst:

• Involved with the structuring of new credit, preparation of client presentations, preparation of credit applications, providing support related to client and transaction development, and supporting transaction execution

How You Will Contribute:

• Conduct appropriate market, industry and client research and risk analysis in support of the credit development and credit submissions where appropriate

• Assist with the development of financial solutions for clients, including review and comment on credit facility term sheets and timely completion of client presentations

• Prepare and recommend credit submissions including annual and interim client reviews

• Work closely with Investment Banking, and other product groups, including Equity Capital Markets, Debt Capital Markets, Derivatives, Cash Management and Foreign Exchange to ensure that cross sell opportunities are being developed and captured.

Qualifications:

• Graduating with an undergraduate business degree in December 2027 or June 2028

• Strong financial and analytical skills

• Excellent knowledge of MS Excel

• Superior verbal and written communications skills

Location: Toronto

How to Apply:

You must submit your complete application package (cover letter, resume, most recent unofficial transcripts), including projected graduation date. Cover letters may be addressed to:

Novjiot Chahal

Early Talent Acquisition Partner, TD Securities

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet