The Medpace Finance & Accounting Internship Program is a flexible, paid professional development opportunity that offers hands-on finance and accounting experience. Internships are in-person and will vary in scope by department. Our interns will: • Have an opportunity to have a real impact on business objectives • Gain skills and meaningful work experience and targeted educational opportunities to develop as future leaders • Build experience in financial concepts, critical thinking and business acumen • Learn to clearly communicate in a financial environment • Receive mentoring, have exposure to executive leadership and participate in Medpace social and networking activities • Opportunity to potentially rotate to other Finance & Accounting departments Positions are available in the following departments: Internal Audit Account Management Treasury Responsibilities Play an integral role in valuation, analysis, and forecasting processes and assessments. Furthermore, provide analysis and explanation of significant trends and contribute to the presentation of periodic financial results to management. Contribute to the development and maintenance of standardized best practices pertaining to the reporting and analysis of financial results, including the design of management reporting, analytical tools and related processes. Integrate data from across various groups to construct an overall understanding of performance that delivers meaningful information. Maintain financial models and systems that drive financial budgeting and reporting process, and support enhancements to those models and systems Partner with various Operational and Support departments (Commercial Operations & Project Management) throughout the Organization toassess financial performance and develop forecasts and budgets. Participate in the preparation and presentation of internal financial reports to Senior Management and other various business end users. Assist with the development of departmental SOPs and/or other departmental process and procedures documents as needed. Provide support in special projects which will provide an opportunity to flex their finance, accounting, analytical, and business understanding to improve an existing process. Qualifications • Pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance or Accounting • Highly organized, possess high attention to detail, deadline oriented • Excellent analytical and communication (both verbal and written) skills • A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.5 • Advanced knowledge of MS Excel • Ability to establish and maintain good relationships with all levels of management • Team player with the ability to work independently with minimal supervision if needed Medpace Overview Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO). We provide Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its scientific and disciplined approach. We leverage local regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system, anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, employing more than 5,000 people across 40+ countries. Why Medpace? When you join Medpace, you become part of an innovative team that brings cutting-edge therapies to market while building a meaningful and rewarding career focused on scientific excellence and improving patient outcomes around the world through continuous learning and cross-functional collaboration. Purpose-Driven Work Work alongside physicians, scientists, and industry-leading experts committed to advancing the global development of medical therapeutics through clinical research excellence Collaborative Culture Contribute to an interactive team environment that empowers decision making, creative thinking, and continuous learning through open communication and mutual trust. Leadership throughout Medpace is both accessible and approachable Continuous Growth & Development Office based environment with on-site mentors Defined career paths with clear advancement opportunities Industry renowned onboarding and training programs designed to accelerate professional development Ongoing training and continuous learning opportunities throughout your career An environment that encourages employees to influence change, contribute ideas, and grow quickly Other Employee Benefits Competitive compensation programs that recognize and reward performance Comprehensive health, wellness, retirement, and PTO benefits Office based culture with occasional WFH that provides flexibility for eligible positions after training Company-sponsored social events and intramural sports Cincinnati Headquarters Experience A modern corporate campus designed to support collaboration and productivity Multiple on-site dining options in the heart of Madison Square Free on-site parking Convenient access to on-site 24-7 fitness and wellness facilities What to Expect Next A Medpace team member will review your application and if your profile matches our current needs, you will be contacted for an interview. While we review all applications carefully, we are unable to respond to every applicant, and only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.