Description Are you a dedicated problem-solver who is curious about algorithms for guided air vehicles? Are you interested in simulating highly complex physics problems and applying advanced data science to understand the results? Would you like to learn about the newest and most innovative missile defense technologies? If you are pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Applied Math and want to gain experience in mission and missile systems engineering we'd love to have you join our team! The Weapon Systems Engineering group is seeking an intern to help us address complex engineering challenges for advanced missile defense systems. We are a team of experts whose goals are to conceive and assess real-world missile systems, perform laboratory / field testing, conduct in-depth analysis of post-processed data, and present findings to sponsors and the war-fighter. As a Mission Systems Engineering Intern... Your primary responsibility will be to develop tools to generate, visualize, and analyze simulated guided missile data through the use of high-fidelity and mixed-fidelity simulations. Assist in the development and efficient use of containerized software Use real world data to verify and validate complex models. Present key findings to various internal stakeholders and peers. Make an impact on processes and decisions on system design that keep our war-fighter safe! Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics or Applied Math Have a passion for advanced computing, simulations, data analysis, and autonomous air vehicles. Proficiency in MATLAB and/or Python Demonstrated ability in developing, testing or troubleshooting software in a Linux environment Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Are proficient in another scientific computing language, such as SciPy, R, or Julia Have experience with a compiled and objected oriented language such as C++ or Java Are comfortable using code management (CM) using git and familiarity with tools like Gitlab or Github Have experience using a high-performance computing (HPC) cluster and job schedulers such as SLURM or UNIVA grid engine About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly