Role Type:
Internship/Co-op

Work Term:
Summer/Term 3

Work Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hours:
37.5

Pay Details:
$55,00080,000 - $65,00095,000 CADCAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

Department Overview

With offices located around the world, the strength of TD Securities Global Business Operations & Services lies within our diverse and dynamic group of over 1000 employees delivering continued business success through leadership, collaboration, innovation and a forward-thinking approach. We thrive on the challenge to be our best, pushing beyond the status quo and working together to deliver trusted service to help our clients and support our business partners.

TDS Global Business Operations and Services provides critical infrastructure services that support the trading, investment and corporate banking functions of TD Securities.

Within our core values, we champion a culture of diversity, inclusion and community support and giving.

We want to hear from you if you're passionate, collaborative and take an innovative approach to finding solutions.

TDS Operations Canadian offices runs this program in Toronto.

Job Description

The Global Operations & Business Services Summer Analyst Program is designed to identify and develop top talent of the future. We are looking for creative thinkers who are visionaries in defining what's possible.

The Summer Analyst program aims to provide you with the opportunity to become immersed within the functional areas of Operations by integrating with respective teams. You will gain valuable experience by learning the key functions of a team within your placement, assist in identifying opportunities to improve service delivery for the customer, and support process improvement initiatives for greater efficiency. You may be given opportunities to act as a specialist, assist in leading unique and innovative projects within Operations, or leverage your skillset to find opportunities to improve the way we work within aspects of the trade lifecycle, business processes, and banking operations. As part of the program, you will also have opportunities to leverage TD-approved AI tools to support productivity, data-driven insights, process improvement, and innovation in accordance with TD policies and governance standards. These opportunities may include developing and implementing new products, services, applications, workflows, or operational efficiencies.

You will have the chance to further develop individual skillsets and capabilities such as strategic problem-solving, project management methodologies, and relationship building. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with management to evaluate key problems by assessing process drivers in a diverse workplace environment.

We will encourage you to engage with other teams through job shadowing and attending knowledge series events. You will also be given multiple opportunities to demonstrate your creativity through innovation, develop your professional network, and work on initiatives within specific business segments. The Program also offers you avenues to get involved in community and charity events supported by TD Securities and TD Bank.

Available opportunities for Summer Analysts may include:

• Global Markets Operations

• Payment & Correspondent Banking Services

• Risk & Control

• Corporate Lending & Trade Finance

• Client Onboarding, Management & Enablement

• Regulatory Services

• Project & Innovation

Job Requirements

• Graduating with an undergraduate business degree in December 2027 or June 2028

• Strong conceptual, analytical and problem-solving skills; can see the “big picture” in a complex environment

• Exceptional communication skills to effectively liaise with stakeholders

• Ability to collaborate, build relationships, partner effectively, and work in a dynamic and agile environment

• Well-organized, proactive and can prioritize among multiple tasks to meet deliverables

• Ability to work effectively both independently and within a team environment

• Positive attitude with a mindset to contributing to optimal customer and colleague experience

• Small tech (CoPilot, Python, Alteryx, UiPath, etc.) capabilities and / or aptitude an asset

There is potential for successful candidates from the Summer Analyst Program to continue to build their career at TDS Global Business Operations & Services by joining the full-time Analyst program post-graduation, which includes three 8-month rotations over two years. This extended opportunity includes significant insight and exposure to various businesses through the rotations with on-the-job training, networking opportunities, and the chance to establish relationships with key business leaders and partners.

Location: Toronto

How to Apply:

You must submit your complete application package (cover letter, resume, most recent unofficial transcripts), including projected graduation date. Cover letters may be addressed to:

Novjiot Chahal

Early Talent Acquisition Partner, TD Securities

Additional Information

We appreciate all interested applicants, however only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet