Job Description

You don’t see it, but it’s there. Our employees work on the world’s most advanced electronics – from saving emissions in the City of Lights to powering the Mars Rover to protecting the F-35 fighter jet. At Electronic Systems, you’ll be among the brightest minds, working on the aerospace and defense industry’s most difficult problems. Drawing strength from our differences, we’re innovating for the future. And you can, too.

Our flexible work environment provides you a chance to change the world without giving up your personal life. We put our customers first – exemplified by our missions: “We Protect Those Who Protect Us®” and “We Innovate For Those Who Move The WorldTM.”

Sound like a team you want to be a part of? Come build your career with us!

We are seeking candidates who will be completing their Senior undergraduate year, and be enrolled in a graduate program prior to starting this full-time internship in summer 2027 to join our ES Defense Systems Engineering team here at BAE Systems, Inc. In this exciting role, you will work side-by-side with experienced engineers and senior engineering staff.

This internship will be located on-site at one of our BAE System's sites in southern New Hampshire including Nashua, Hudson, Manchester, and Merrimack. The internship is a paid internship, and has a work schedule that includes every other Friday off.

Candidates will gain experience in:

• Designing, developing and testing solutions utilizing Agile methodologies and sound systems engineering principles while conforming to existing development strategies and processes

• Utilizing established systems engineering tools and assisting in other engineering activities such as integration testing, algorithm & data analysis, software troubleshooting, and preparing documentation in accordance with established procedures.

• Working with other engineering disciplines such as hardware and software teams

In this position, you will participate in BAE Systems' nationwide LEAP Internship & Co-op Program, where you will Learn, Engage, Apply, and Progress within the company. The LEAP Program will provide you with the opportunity to work alongside experienced professionals on impactful projects, engage in career development opportunities, and network with our business leaders and the other students in the program.

Please note that pursuant to a government contract, this specific position requires US citizenship status.

Required Education, Experience, & Skills

• Must be currently enrolled in a graduate program for EE (Electrical Engineering), ECS (Electrical and Computer Science), ME (Mechanical Engineering), SW (Software Engineering) or a related field, and will complete your senior undergraduate year prior to Summer 2027

• Proficiency in Microsoft Office products

• Must be eligible for a US DoD security clearance

Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills

• Security clearance (secret or higher)

• GPA of 3.0 or higher highly preferred

Pay Information
Full-Time Salary Range: $58344 - $81128

Please note: This range is based on our market pay structures. However, individual salaries are determined by a variety of factors including, but not limited to: business considerations, local market conditions, and internal equity, as well as candidate qualifications, such as skills, education, and experience.

Temporary employees generally are not eligible for BAE Systems benefits, but can elect to participate in the 401(k) savings plan. Temporary employees working 20+ hours per week are eligible for medical benefits, the employee assistance program, and business travel accident insurance.

About BAE Systems Electronic Systems
BAE Systems, Inc. is a defense, aerospace, and security company headquartered in Falls Church, Virginia, with more than 40,000 employees worldwide. We serve, supply, and protect those who protect us. As one of the most geographically diverse international defense companies, we deliver a full range of products and services spanning air, land, maritime, space, and cyber, including advanced electronics, intelligence solutions, and dedicated customer support.

Our culture is performance-driven and values-led, built on curiosity, creativity, and collaboration. Purpose isn't a tagline here. It's what drives us. We're developing breakthrough technologies that defend national security and make a lasting impact on our communities and our planet. When you join BAE Systems, you're not just building a career. You're contributing to a mission that truly matters.

This position will be posted for at least 5 calendar days. The posting will remain active until the position is filled, or a qualified pool of candidates is identified.