Description Would you like to use your engineering skills to solve challenging, real-world problems that have a direct impact on national security? Are you interested in figuring out how complex systems work, building models and simulations, developing software, analyzing data, or using physics and engineering to solve problems where the answer isn't already known? If so, we'd love to have you join our team... We are a multidisciplinary group of engineers and scientists working on some of the nation's most challenging defense problems. Our work combines aerospace engineering, electrical engineering, software development, physics, mathematics, and systems engineering to understand advanced technologies and determine how they perform in realistic environments. We are looking for curious, motivated students who enjoy solving difficult technical problems, learning new subjects, and working with others to contribute to high-impact projects. One of our team's primary areas of focus is understanding advanced missile systems built by adversary countries and developing technologies that can protect the United States, our military, and our allies from those threats. That can mean building a computer model of a missile to understand how it flies, developing software to test hardware in a laboratory, analyzing sensor or radio-frequency (RF) performance, or exploring how emerging technologies such as directed energy and electronic warfare could be used in future defense systems. You'll work alongside experienced engineers and scientists who will help you learn the defense applications while giving you opportunities to apply and grow the technical skills you're developing in school. Your primary responsibilities could include: Develop models and simulations to understand how complex aerospace and electronic systems behave and perform Write software and develop tools used to analyze, test, and evaluate RF technologies Apply engineering fundamentals, physics, mathematics, and data analysis to understand the performance of missiles and defense systems Help design flexible software tools and applications used in hardware-in-the-loop (HWIL) laboratory testing Analyze how current and future defense technologies might perform against advanced missile threats Work with engineers from multiple disciplines to develop and evaluate new approaches to challenging defense problems Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or a related technical field, with a minimum 3.5 GPA on a 4.0 scale Have experience programming in a language such as MATLAB, Python, C++, Java, or similar Enjoy solving analytical problems and learning new technical subjects Can communicate your ideas and technical results effectively Are interested in working collaboratively as part of a multidisciplinary engineering team Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... Have coursework, projects, research, or experience involving flight mechanics, propulsion, guidance, navigation and control (GNC), or physics-based modeling Have experience with software development practices such as version control, testing, documentation, continuous integration, or object-oriented programming Have coursework or project experience involving radio-frequency (RF) systems, signal processing, electronics, sensors, or electromagnetics Have experience applying systems engineering concepts as part of a multidisciplinary project or team Have participated in engineering research, design teams, capstone projects, internships, or other hands-on technical projects Have a final Secret security clearance About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly