Job Description Summary
As an intern of the product management team, you will be an active contributor to the innovation and competitiveness of control system solutions for power plants around the world.

The Controls Product Management Intern will support the Product Management team in the end-to-end development and lifecycle management of our control system products.

Job Description

Innovation
Are you passionate about innovation? Are you excited at the opportunity to electrify and decarbonize the world?

We operate with a founder’s mindset. We deliver innovation with passion, speed, and courage. We continuously challenge our thinking and are empowered to dream big and take smart risks.

Role Overview:

The intern will work closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, supply chain, and marketing, to help define product vision, prioritize and track development, and ensure we are delivering maximum value to our customers.

Key Responsibilities

• Conduct customer, market, and stakeholder discovery; synthesize qualitative and quantitative inputs to identify and prioritize unmet needs.

• Assess current product and service capabilities against customer and business needs, identify meaningful gaps, and recommend prioritized roadmap options.

• Translate validated needs into clear, testable product requirements, acceptance criteria, and supporting documentation for Product Requirements Documents (PRDs).

• Develop evidence-based business cases that define the opportunity, customer value, assumptions, risks, costs, and expected outcomes.

• Research relevant industry and regulatory considerations and create lightweight prototypes, process flows, or visual concepts to help stakeholders evaluate proposed solutions, with guidance from technical and compliance experts.

Employment Dates:

May or June 2027 to August 2027 (Summer).

Required Qualifications:

• Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business, Finance, Engineering, Supply Chain Management, or a related field

• Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Other Eligibility Requirements:

• The required work location is Greenville, SC or Longmont, CO - 100% onsite.

• Must have the ability to work in the United States for an unlimited amount of time without sponsorship

Preferred Qualifications:

• Minimum of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale or a 4.0 on a 5.0 scale cumulative GPA (without rounding)

• Knowledge of controls or industrial automation products.

• Prior internship or coursework experience in controls engineering, cost analysis, product management, or financial modeling.

• Familiarity with ERP systems (e.g., SAP) and data analysis software.

• Strong analytical skills and proficiency in Microsoft Excel; experience with data visualization tools is a plus.

• Excellent attention to detail and ability to work with large data sets.

• Effective written and verbal communication skills.

• Ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative team.

• Interest in product management, cost analysis, and controls technology.

Benefits Available to you:

Addressing the climate crisis is an urgent global priority, and at GE Vernova, we take our responsibility seriously. That is the singular mission of GE Vernova: to continue electrifying the world while simultaneously working to help decarbonize it. In order to meet this mission, we provide varied, competitive benefits to help support our workforce.

The pay for this position ranges from $1,000 weekly to 2,000 weekly based on years of undergraduate/graduate field of study completed.

Employee Assistance Program: providing 24/7 confidential assessment, counseling and referral services
GE Retirement Savings Plan (RSP): after their accumulated service reaches 90 days, and they meet any other eligibility requirements as defined in the plans. (Eligibility occurs on the 1st of the month following the 90th day.)

This position is also eligible for:

Relocation Assistance: Co-op/Interns will be reimbursed for reasonable, proper, and documented expenditures incurred while initially reporting to work and returning to school/home upon completion of the assignment. Employees with a permanent address greater than 50 miles away from the work location are eligible.
Housing Allowance: Co-op/Interns employees receive a weekly housing allowance to help off-set living expenses when the co-op/Intern’s permanent residence is at least 50 miles away from the work location.

Inclusion
At GE Vernova, we believe in the value of your unique identity, background and experiences. We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture, where everyone feels empowered to do their best work because they feel accepted, respected and that they belong.

Relocation Assistance Provided: Yes

For candidates applying to a U.S. based position only:

This posting is expected to remain open for at least seven days after it was posted on August 25, 2026.

U.S. Internship roles are ineligible for GE Vernova benefits.

Additional Information
GE Vernova offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE Vernova will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

For candidates applying to a U.S. based position only:

This posting is expected to remain open for at least seven days after it was posted on August 24, 2026.

U.S. Internship roles are ineligible for GE Vernova benefits.

Additional Information

GE Vernova offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE Vernova will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

Application Deadline: October 31, 2026

For candidates applying to a U.S. based position only:

This posting is expected to remain open for at least seven days after it was posted on August 25, 2026.

U.S. Internship roles are ineligible for GE Vernova benefits.