Position: Incubation Developer Student
Number of Position(s): 3
Duration: 4 Months
Date: Jan. 4th - Apr. 30th, 2027
Location: Hybrid Ottawa, ON, CANADA

EDUCATIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS
Currently a candidate for a Master’s, Bachelor's degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Computer Systems Engineering or a related field with an accredited school in Canada.

The Portfolio Innovation Incubation Team is seeking a motivated student to contribute to groundbreaking incubation projects focused on automation for Nokia 5G Core products. Join a forward-thinking team exploring new technologies and applying them to enhance automation, AI, security, service assurance, and sustainability for Core Network products.

You will:

• Join a rapid-prototyping team, building and vetting new technology in areas of automation, observability, and security for core networks.

• Be a jack-of-all-trades working with back-end microservices, front-end user interfaces (UIs), as well as application programming interfaces (APIs) to Large Language Models (LLMs) and existing components.

• Participate in the agile team environment and document descriptions and findings for work items.

You must have :

• Strong general programming skills in languages like Go, JavaScript or Python.

• Strong understanding of YAML and JSON.

•
Experience with docker, Kubernetes, VMs, and Linux.

It would be nice if you also had:

• Ability to learn quickly with strong problem-resolution skills.

Advancing connectivity to secure a brighter world.

Nokia is a global leader in connectivity for the AI era. With expertise across fixed, mobile and transport networks, powered by the innovation of Nokia Bell Labs, we’re advancing connectivity to secure a brighter world.

Learn more about life at Nokia .

Our recruitment process

We act inclusively and respect the uniqueness of people. Our employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. We are committed to a culture of inclusion built upon our core value of respect.

If you’re interested in this role but don’t meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply. Unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences enrich our teams, and you may be just the right candidate for this or another opportunity.

The length of the recruitment process may vary depending on the specific role's requirements. We strive to ensure a smooth and inclusive experience for all candidates. Discover more about the recruitment process at Nokia .