Are you looking for an exciting job where you can put your skills and talents to work at a company you can feel proud to be a part of? Do you want a workplace that will challenge you and offer you opportunities to learn and grow? A position at Xcel Energy could be just what you’re looking for.

At Xcel Energy, our employees are the driving force behind our success. So we make sure that, here, you can be your best. Doing work that makes a difference for neighbors and communities. Working with a team you can count on to push you. Expanding skills, staying ready for change, and capturing opportunities to grow. All with the support, rewards and recognition you need to thrive – during your internship and beyond.

Xcel Energy is seeking interns to support our Asset Strategy & Budget Integration (ASBI) team, part of the Energy Supply organization. Interns will learn about and contribute to the way Xcel plans, prioritizes, and invests in its power generation fleet today and in the future. Asset Strategy & Budget Integration is responsible for optimizing unit performance by ensuring that proposed work scopes are consistently evaluated in each jurisdiction and across the fleet, so the highest-value work scope is identified and funded within budget constraints. Quantitative tools, operational data, and performance analytics are used within the team to inform initial work assessments and drive fleet business decisions that improve reliability while minimizing the cost to produce energy.

The team is the Asset Strategy & Budget Integration (ASBI) group which is within the Analytics and Practices group, which is in Energy Supply's Performance Optimization department.

Typical intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
- A unique opportunity within the Asset Strategy & Budget Integration team will be the support and enhancement of the tools and models used for work assessment, five-year budgeting, and forecast planning.
- Assist in building new AI powered tools that will minimize the workload of project submittals.
- The ASBI intern would be involved in include support of the work assessment and scope-scoring process used to evaluate and prioritize maintenance and overhaul work across the fleet. This will include validating scoring inputs for accuracy and consistency using operations data and performance analytics.

This position is for a May 31, 2027 start date. This position may have the possibility to extend beyond the internship’s initial term based on the candidate’s successful performance and Xcel Energy’s business needs.

Minimum Requirements:
- Current student, Junior or higher (as of Fall 2027)
- Enrolled in an ABET accredited college or university and pursuing a degree in engineering
- The intern will work out of Materials Distribution Center but periodic visits will be made to the Denver Metro plants.
- Able to work full-time during the summer (up to 40 hours a week)/ part time during the school year (up to 20 hours a week) and commuting to the designated work location in-person, per our hybrid work policy.

Preferred Qualifications:
- Experience using various AI models.

As a leading combination electricity and natural gas energy company, Xcel Energy offers a comprehensive portfolio of energy-related products and services to 3.4 million electricity and 1.9 million natural gas customers across eight Western and Midwestern states. At Xcel Energy, we strive to be the preferred and trusted provider of the energy our customers need. If you’re ready to be a part of something big, we invite you to join our team.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to apply please contact us at recruiting@xcelenergy.com .

Non-Bargaining

The anticipated starting base pay for this position is: $21.20 to $23.10 per hour

This position is eligible for the following benefits: Pension, 401(k) plan, Paid time off (PTO), Holidays

Benefit plans are subject to change and Xcel Energy has the right to end, suspend, or amend any of its plans, at any time, in whole or in part.

In any materials you submit, you may redact or remove age-identifying information including but not limited to dates of school attendance and graduation. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information.

Deadline to Apply: 10/16/26

EEO is the Law | EEO is the Law Supplement | Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination | Equal Opportunity Policy (PDF) | Employee Rights (PDF)

All Xcel Energy employees and contractors share responsibility for protecting the company's information and systems by adhering to cybersecurity policies, standards, and best practices, recognizing that cybersecurity is everyone's responsibility.

ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT

Xcel Energy endeavors to make https://www.xcelenergy.com/ accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Xcel Energy Talent Acquisition at recruiting@xcelenergy.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.