Role Type:
Internship/Co-op

Work Term:
Winter/Term 2

Work Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hours:
37.5

Pay Details:
45,700 - 74,400 CAD

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

Co-op and Internship opportunities allow you to gain valuable work experience across a number of the businesses at TD. You will work with experienced colleagues, receive world class training, and be part of a community of students across TD, where you will have an impact, grow as individual and experience our culture of care.

Our Co-op/Intern Programming is offered with select Co-op and Internship roles and is designed to help you better understand the TD business, build on critical career capabilities, and broaden your professional network. This program is designed to complement your on-the job experience and features:

• Leadership talks with key Leaders from across the organization

• Diversity and Inclusion and Personal Branding and so much more

JOB DESCRIPTION

Are you someone that enjoys solving complex problems?

Do you love thinking creatively about what could go wrong, and then coming up with plans to avoid it?

Then you should join our Enterprise Protect organization! Multiple roles that support Cyber engineering are available, including:

· Cyber Security Risk Officers analyze, report on, and mitigate risks related to technology, data, vendors, applications, infrastructure, information, and Cloud. Each of the Cyber Security Risk Officer roles focuses on managing technology and information security risk in compliance with the organization's risk appetite.

· Cyber Security Analysts operate cyber security tooling, execute processes and procedures related to cyber security, and provide defense in-depth capabilities related to technology, data, applications, infrastructure, and Cloud environments. Each of the Cyber Security Analyst roles focuses on operational execution of security controls and tooling in order to better defend, identify, and secure systems and technology in compliance with the organization's risk appetite.

· Cyber Security Engineers test and implement cyber security solutions, build automation and integration solutions between cyber security tooling, and provide expert guidance on cyber security tooling capabilities. Each of the Cyber Security Engineer roles focuses on specialized areas of security tooling in order to better defend, identify, and secure systems and technology in compliance with the organization's risk appetite.

· Fraud Technology Analysts help manage technology applications that deliver operational and analytic outputs that deliver fraud detection and prevention controls to protect the Bank and its customers. Fraud Technology Analysts also may perform non-technical roles supporting the Fraud Technology Solutions team through governance and compliance activities, business processes, and performance management.

JOB REQUIREMENTS

· Currently enrolled in a relevant technology program, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology Management, Financial Analysis and Risk Management, Computing, etc.

· Familiarity with Jira and Confluence

· A thirst for constantly exploring emerging technology

· Prior experience in the cyber domain would be an asset, including but not limited to:

o Identifying, assessing, measuring and reporting on technology risks

o Subject matter expertise in keeping infrastructure & applications secure, including disaster recovery, security architecture, data loss prevention, and application security services

o Experience in evaluations of detective cyber security controls, including testing and improvement of new capabilities within existing tooling

o Incident response, and minimizing business impacts of cyber events

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Please note that this is a general posting. If you are selected for an interview, more information regarding which business group and the specific job duties will be provided. Additionally, we are open to all years of study but primarily target 3 rd & 4 th year students.

Early Talent Requirements

· This position is a 4-month work term and will commence January 4, 2027- April 23, 2027.

· Applications must include a resume (maximum of 2 pages) and a school transcript

· Must be enrolled in an undergraduate/ graduate degree (requirement of all co-op/intern positions)

· We welcome all applications; however, we will only contact qualified candidates chosen for an interview. Thank you for your interest.

· TD requires employees to reside in Canada where the role is located. Successful candidates are expected to arrange relocation to one of our Toronto offices in a hybrid model (4 days per week in office).

Assigned Line of Business Requirements

Please note that the line of business that you are assigned to may require specific skills not mentioned in this posting

HOURS

Monday-Friday, standard business hours

INCLUSIVENESS

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development

If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.

If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.

We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):
Sans Objet