We are Covestro. We are curious. We are courageous. We are colorful. We refine chemical material solutions with game-changing products. Let us empower you to push boundaries. Join us and our 18,000 colleagues now and together we will make the world a brighter place.

WHAT WE OFFER

At Covestro, our strategy to focus on customer and market needs, drive sustainable growth, and become fully circular rests on our ability to transform our plants to carbon and resource neutral facilities.

You will learn about Covestro products, which can include their chemistry, applications, end uses, customer base, and future business opportunities. You may also get a hands-on experience in research environment, as well as an up-close view of our technical and commercial operations. You will be able to apply your knowledge and education to actual R&D projects through support of new product/technology development that helps solving real world problems. From next generation engineering plastics to material solutions for circular economy, opportunities abound for ground-breaking R&D that lets you be creative and imaginative yet analytical and precise.

The internship program will be in the summer of 2027, offered at our Pittsburgh, PA site and lasts approximately 12 weeks.

Responsibilities

At Covestro, our strategy to focus on customer and market needs, drive sustainable growth, and become fully circular rests on a foundation of digital transformation. Our digital transformation touches work areas as diverse as Digital Infrastructure, Knowledge Flow, Data-Driven R&D, and R&D Simulations. As an intern in the Digital R&D area, you will support projects in Covestro’s digital transformation strategy, applying AI-powered robotics and automation technology to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our R&D operations.

WHAT YOU OFFER

Basic Qualifications:

•
Enrolled in bachelor’s degree program with a major in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent

•
Rising Junior at the start of the internship (May 2027)

Preferred Qualifications:

•
Major or minor in Robotics, Robotics Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering, or related interdisciplinary programs combining engineering with AI/automation

•
Coursework or project experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, or automation systems

Essential Knowledge and Skills:

•
Demonstrated interpersonal and communication skills including an ability to interact and establish strong working relationships with diverse individuals.

•
Project coordination with the ability to be proactive and identify creative, effective technical solutions.

•
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

YOUR APPLICATION

Are you as curious, courageous and colorful as we are? If so, we can offer you an exciting career opportunity. We look forward to receiving your application and resume. Become part of our team - apply now!

Equal Employment Opportunity: Hiring and advancement are based on job-related requirements and on an individual's qualifications to perform a job. All aspects of employment are carried out free of discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disabilities, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression or any unlawful criterion, existing under applicable federal, state, or local law.

Contact Us
Info-Hotline: +1 844-522-6775

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. To make a request, please call (412) 413-2736.