Description Are you excited about applying your education toward building creative solutions for our nation’s greatest challenges? Are you searching for a collaborative environment that prioritizes impact, innovation, and personal development? If so, the Threat Analytic Systems Group is looking for someone like you to join our APL team! We are a team of software engineers, data scientists, and knowledge representation experts who partner with experts across a wide range of domains including countering weapons of mass destruction (CWMD), special operations, intelligence analysis, biothreat security, online disinformation, and disease surveillance. Our goal is to research and build innovative AI-enabled systems that can identify and prioritize relevant data in a timely and scalable manner and accelerate our sponsors’ abilities to observe and act on threat activities. We need talented engineers, scientists, and ontologists with creativity, curiosity, and a drive for learning to succeed! As a member of our team, you will... Be part of a multi-disciplinary team building novel technical approaches and systems for solving critical national challenges. Apply your skills to projects in areas such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, mobile and web-based software development, natural language processing, and Semantic Web technologies. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering, or related technical field. Have maintained a minimum 3.0/4.0 GPA. Have problem solving, analytical, and organizational skills. Experience working successfully within a team environment. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Software Engineers: Have experience in object-oriented programming languages (e.g. Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, VueJS, ReactJS) Data Scientists: Have experience in Python or R Have familiarity with machine learning and scientific libraries (e.g., PyTorch, Tensorflow, Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Numpy) Have interest in working with engineers to integrate models and algorithms into analytic pipelines Ontologists: Have a foundation in formal logic Are able to ultimately obtain a Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you have… Software Engineers: Experience with WebServices and RESTful APIs Experience with Web technologies (e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Webpack/Vite, APIs) and DevOps practices (e.g. automated testing, build tools) Some experience in relational or non-relational databases (e.g. MongoDB, ElasticSearch), semantic technologies, natural language processing and machine learning Interest in or experience with Android development in Java and/or Kotlin Experience with containerized software tools, such as Docker. Experience with agentic coding tools (e.g., Codex, Claude Code, OpenCode). Data Scientists: Experience with containerized software tools, such as Docker. Experience with Python Notebooks, RStudio Experience with SQL Some experience in non-relational databases (e.g. MongoDB, ElasticSearch), semantic technologies, natural language processing and machine learning Ontologists: Experience building RDF/OWL ontologies Experience with any of the following: Basic Formal Ontology (BFO); The Common Core Ontologies (CCO); W3C standards such as SOSA/SSN and the Time Ontology; ontologies in the Open Biological and Biomedical (OBO) Foundry; as well as other semantic web standards, such as Dublin Core, SKOS, QUDT, and GeoSPARQL Experience crafting SPARQL queries Experience with Python About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly