Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities Job Description Looking for a challenging position in software development? Come join Keysight for a summer internship and help us create market-leading oscilloscopes that use cutting-edge hardware and software technologies. You'll learn how to apply your engineering coursework and knowledge in software development to solve real-world problems. About the Job: You will be part of an Agile software development team and will work on the design, implementation, and testing of software for Infiniium Real-time Oscilloscopes. You will develop oscilloscope driver software, using the C++ language, that ships to real customers who are applying Keysight measurement-science to leading-edge technologies. About the Team: Our team is very competent, highly motivated, friendly, and eager to help you succeed. The team has a mix of new and experienced developers with a broad range of skills. Responsibilities: Learning new development tools and processes Leaning about how the software in a Keysight digital oscilloscope works Designing, implementing, testing, and documenting oscilloscope software Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Pursuing BS/MS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent degree Experience with software development, source control, and testing Experience with object-oriented programming, preferably in C++ Desired Qualifications: Familiarity with Microsoft Visual Studio Familiarity with Git source control Familiarity with Atlassian tools – Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket Interested in hardware driver design Join some of the brightest minds in the measurement world. Learn more at www.jobs.keysight.com. MIN $30.34 - MAX $32.68 Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***