Honeywell Technologies: Build What Matters

At Honeywell Technologies, you can work on technology that helps make the world safer, smarter, and more efficient. We are a global automation company focused on helping customers run critical operations safely, reliably, and efficiently, with about $17B in 2025 sales, 54,000 employees, roughly 600 sites, and headquarters in Charlotte, NC.

Work on practical innovation.

Honeywell Technologies is moving from automation toward autonomy by combining AI, controls, connected data, and domain expertise to help assets work harder, people work smarter, and processes run more efficiently.

Grow with purpose.

At Honeywell Technologies, you can grow your career and network by contributing to the company’s success. Join a customer obsessed culture built on respect, collaboration, diverse perspectives, continuous learning, individual well-being, and celebrating achievement.

Be part of a culture that values people.

Our people are at the heart of what we do, with an emphasis on impact, representing Honeywell with pride, bringing diverse perspectives, and solving problems with curiosity and resilience.

Future IT Leaders Program

This role is part of the Future IT Leaders Program, a three-year rotational development program designed to support our future leadership pipelines. Early Careers complete three 12-month assignments across Corporate IT Shared Services, gaining broad exposure to different technology teams, business challenges, platforms, and ways of working. Through hands-on delivery, cross-functional collaboration, and progressive ownership, Early Careers develop the technical breadth, business perspective, leadership capabilities, and enterprise network needed to grow into future IT leadership roles.

Shape the future by making what matters better.

ABOUT THE ROLE:

In the role of IT Analyst Intern, in our Future IT Leaders program you will be fully integrated into day-to-day operations of a team focused on the area of IT that aligns with your knowledge, skills, interests, goals, and overall career objectives. You will be working assignments with real business impact, learning how to leverage contemporary technologies to attain business results, gaining relevant work experience, interacting with multiple IT stakeholders including IT management, and building your knowledge of how to be successful in Honeywell Technologies complex work environment. Additionally, you will join our community of diverse, early-career, IT professionals and former interns who will share their experiences, offer guidance, and provide mentorship throughout the summer.

In this role you will have the opportunity to:

• Meet decision makers, system owners, and end-users to define business requirements.

• Conduct research on software products and solutions to make quality IT recommendations.

• Participate in design sessions, prototyping solutions for enhancing IT business processes.

Location: This position is available in multiple locations across the United States.

The exact worksite location will be selected based on business requirements and the candidate’s relevant experience and qualifications.

The hourly base range for this position is $23.00/hr - $45.00/hr . Please note that this salary information serves as a general guideline. Honeywell considers various factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to the scope and responsibilities of the position, the candidate's work experience, education and training, key skills, as well as market and business considerations.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

• Pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in Management Information Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Business Analytics, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology, Data Science/ Analytics or a similar field of study from an accredited college or university

• Anticipated Graduation Date between December 2027 and August 2028 and ready to start full-time work between January 2028 and June 2028

• Validated academic excellence (3.0 GPA and higher)

Honeywell is currently unable to consider applicants who would require current or future sponsorship for employment authorization for this position. Candidates must be authorized to legally work in the United States without current or future sponsorship requirements.

WE VALUE:

• Passion for using, developing, evaluating, and learning about new technologies

• Foundational business acumen and desire to improve your business knowledge

Interning at Honeywell Technologies provides hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies, professional development, and mentorship within a global organization. Interns will receive relocation benefits and short-term housing if they are 50 miles or more from their assigned work location (excluding Puerto Rico and Canada).

The application period for the intern position is estimated to be through the end of March 2027; however, this may be shortened or extended depending on business needs and the availability of qualified candidates.

#HoneywellURNAM