Job Description

Collaborating on innovation challenges, interacting with Industry leaders, attending cross-functional networking events and volunteering for community service activities.
&#xa;&#xa;GM does not provide immigration-related sponsorship for this role. Do not apply for this role if you will need gm immigration sponsorship now or in the future.&#xa;&#xa;This role is categorized as onsite. This means the selected candidate is expected to report to a specific location on a full-time basis.&#xa;&#xa;This job is not eligible for relocation benefits. Any relocation costs would be the responsibility of the selected candidate.&#xa;&#xa;
About GM

Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.

Why Join Us

We believe we all must make a choice every day – individually and collectively – to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Every day, we want every employee to feel they belong to one General Motors team.

Non-Discrimination and Equal Employment Opportunities

General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of unlawful discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that providing an inclusive workplace creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications for each role and apply for any positions that match their skills and capabilities. Applicants in the recruitment process may be required, where applicable, to successfully complete a role-related assessment(s) and/or a pre-employment screening prior to beginning employment. To learn more, visit How we Hire .

Accommodations

General Motors offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us or call us at 1-800-865-7580. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.