Description Are you interested in Engineering Radio-Frequency (RF) electronics, sensors, and systems for space? Are you passionate about space exploration and ensuring our nation’s security? If you are pursuing a degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering or equivalent and want to gain experience in Radio Frequency components and systems we’d love to have you join our team! The RF Engineering Team is seeking an intern to help us take on new challenges as we develop RF systems and components for spaceflight missions. As a member of our team, you will collaborate with a multidisciplinary group of engineers and scientists to develop, integrate, test, launch, and operate complex RF systems and the electronic building blocks that enable them. Together, we deliver world-class, cost-effective, and often first-of-their-kind RF systems that operate reliably in the harshest space environments. We are passionate about advancing best-in-class RF component and system development while providing our sponsors with the highest value. As a member of our team... Support a wide range of terrestrial and space-based communications, radio-navigation, radiometric, and remote sensing applications by developing novel, computationally efficient digital signal processing algorithms and environmentally robust hardware. Collaborate with experienced engineers to design and deliver world-class, cost-effective, and often first-of-their-kind RF systems that perform reliably in the harshest space environments. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or PhD in Electrical/Computer Engineering or equivalent. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have a passion for space-flight hardware, electronics design, digital signal processing, integration and test. Can ultimately obtain a Top Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have experience with electronics design, software or firmware development, or test automation. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly