About Marvell

Marvell’s semiconductor solutions are the essential building blocks of the data infrastructure that connects our world. Across enterprise, cloud and AI, and carrier architectures, our innovative technology is enabling new possibilities.

At Marvell, you can affect the arc of individual lives, lift the trajectory of entire industries, and fuel the transformative potential of tomorrow. For those looking to make their mark on purposeful and enduring innovation, above and beyond fleeting trends, Marvell is a place to thrive, learn, and lead.

Your Team, Your Impact

As a test development engineer in the Operations business group, you will test features on the silicon semiconductor chips Marvell produces for internal and external customers. You will make sure we don’t ship out any underperforming units. You’ll work closely with design to make sure their chip features are testable and that the results meet the customer’s specifications. You may even have to write new code or develop new testing strategies when our chips outpace the capabilities of current testing equipment.

What You Can Expect

In this on-site environment in Santa Clara, CA and additional locations, you will work under the direction of a mentor and team lead to verify code, verify the test program across a large number of individual parts, and flag any parts giving unexpected results that should be investigated further. You’ll replicate the work on the test bench environment and do a correlation exercise with the design and verification teams to determine a root cause of any unexpected behavior.

This team uses Python, Visual Basic, and C for various aspects of test development as well as oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, Teradyne Ultraflex tester and Advantest 93K testers. This team owns all test engineering activities related to the new product introduction (NPI) plan including new silicon bring-up, release of sampling test programs, release of qualification and characterization test programs, release of production test programs, and optimization of test time and yield.

You’ll work very closely with members of your own team as well as people from different design groups, marketing, program management, quality assurance, and other operations teams to move projects forward successfully.

What We're Looking For

To be successful in this role, you must:
- Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a similar field.
- Experience with Digital/Analog circuit fundamentals gathered from Digital communication, Analog circuit design, Algorithm and Programming coursework, research, and projects.
- Software development experience and coding in a general-purpose programming language.
- Be able to read schematics and research different chips on the schematics.
- Be comfortable with Python, C, Visual Basic, and typical bench testing instruments like oscilloscopes and spectrum analyzers.
- Be able to communicate with teams in other departments efficiently and clearly so that everyone is up to date.

Expected Base Pay Range (USD)
25 - 50, $ per hour.

The successful candidate’s starting base pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location and market conditions. The expected base pay range for this role may be modified based on market conditions.

&#xa;&#xa;
Additional Compensation and Benefit Elements
Marvell is committed to providing exceptional, comprehensive benefits that support our employees at every stage - from internship to retirement and through life’s most important moments. Our offerings are built around four key pillars: financial well-being, family support, mental and physical health, and recognition. Highlights for our interns: medical, dental, and vision coverage, perks and discounts, robust mental health resources to prioritize emotional well-being, and paid holidays. Additional compensation may be available for intern PhD candidates. We look forward to sharing more with you during the interview process.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

Any applicant who requires a reasonable accommodation during the selection process should contact Marvell HR Helpdesk at TAOps@marvell.com .

Interview Integrity

To support fair and authentic hiring practices, candidates are not permitted to use AI tools (such as transcription apps, real-time answer generators like ChatGPT or Copilot, or automated note-taking bots) during interviews.

These tools must not be used to record, assist with, or enhance responses in any way. Our interviews are designed to evaluate your individual experience, thought process, and communication skills in real time. Use of AI tools without prior instruction from the interviewer will result in disqualification from the hiring process.

This position may require access to technology and/or software subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). As such, applicants must be eligible to access export-controlled information as defined under applicable law. Marvell may be required to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce and/or the U.S. Department of State. Except for U.S. citizens, lawful permanent residents, or protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), all applicants may be subject to an export license review process prior to employment.

#LI-RM1