Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities As an R&D RF/Microwave Engineering Intern at Keysight, you will join a high-performance R&D team located primarily in Santa Rosa, CA. Our team is part of Keysight’s central research and development organization, Keysight Laboratories. Our team researches, creates, validates, and implements technology involving low phase noise references and analog and digital phase-lock-loop structures, and Keysight’s next generation microwave/mm-wave solutions. Qualifications Required Skills • Working towards a BS, MS or PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering • Analog, RF and/or microwave circuit knowledge • Self-motivated, quick-learner and excellent analytical skills • Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills • Must be flexible, adaptable and eager to push technical boundaries • Excellent written and verbal communication skills Additional Desired Skills: • Experience with ADS or equivalent simulation tools. • Understanding of analog control loops • Knowledge of PLL structures • Experience with electronic test and measurement equipment, especially RF equipment CA Pay Range- $38.77 - $41.75 Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above. Note: For other locations, pay ranges will vary by region. Candidates who wish to be considered must be enrolled in a accredited college/university as of September 2027. Applicants who have graduated before September 2027 will not be considered unless they are starting a MS or PHD program after graduating. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***