Description Are you interested in learning more about systems engineering, system security, digital engineering, or specialty engineering that you want to apply to critical challenges in national defense? If you are pursuing a degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Cybersecurity or related technical field and want to apply systems engineering on multiple strategic weapons systems, we’d love to have you join our team! We are seeking a System Realization and Resilience Engineering Intern with interest in the specialty engineering domains (i.e. reliability engineering, cyber resilience, nuclear command and control and surety) or interest in Digital Engineering (DE) implementation for the System Realization and Resilience Group in the Force Projection Sector. Our team is responsible for enabling the realization of strategic systems, ensuring resilience and specialty disciplines are integrated throughout system development, and supporting credible verification of strategic weapon systems. We lead efforts in systems engineering, system security engineering, test and integration, digital engineering, nuclear command and control, and reliability engineering. As a System Realization and Resilience Engineering Intern, you will: Work on teams to support systems engineering activities with emphasis on using specialty engineering expertise to inform the realization and resiliency of strategic deterrent systems. Learn how to apply Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) and Digital Engineering (DE) tools on the development and evaluation of complex strategic deterrent systems and supporting infrastructure. Participate in systems engineering technical reviews, working groups, technical exchange meetings, and provide recommendations and advise that informs technical direction to programs sponsors Gain systems engineering experience on real-world systems. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Cybersecurity or related technical field. Have interest in Systems Engineering, Specialty Systems Engineering, or MBSE/DE Implementation. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have previous internship experience applying systems engineering principles or specialty engineering technical domains, or integrating engineering tools to realize DE. Have familiarity or experience using systems engineering software, especially MBSE tools like Cameo/Magic Draw and DOORS. Have experience (or interest) in developing and implementing model-based approaches to enhance the reliability and resilience of complex systems, including threat modeling, vulnerability analysis, and security requirements development. Have used MBSE and DE tools and methods to design, analyze, and optimize systems for integration, test, cyber resilience, including the development of system models, simulation, and trade studies to evaluate system performance and security. Have an active Secret or Top Secret security clearance. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly