Date Posted:
2026-08-06
Country:
United States of America
Location:
OT494: 5FS - Farmington, CT 5 Farm Springs, Farmington, CT, 06032 USA
Otis is the world's leading company for elevator, escalator manufacturing, installation and service. We are seeking a motivated and hands-on Embedded Software Engineering intern to join our team in May/June 2027 at our Farmington, CT lead design center. This internship offers you an opportunity to gain practical experience and develop your skills in a collaborative learning environment, under the mentorship of our software engineers. During your internship you will be an integral part of a team that solve real problems.

On a typical day you will:

•
Assist in the design, development, and testing of software configurations / components

•
Collaborate with engineers on planning and execution

•
Work with Otis developed and 3rd party hardware

•
Collaborate with other Otis interns
Prepare technical presentations related to your project or participate in design reviews

•
Utilize software tools such as Jira, Bitbucket, IDEs

Education:

Currently pursuing a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, software engineering or related field

What You Will Need to be Successful:

•
Passion for developing and testing software

•
Work collaboratively in a team environment

•
Excellent problem-solving and attention to detail skills

•
Effective communication skills, both written and verbal

The hourly range for this role is $25/hr to $29/hr. We may pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may change in the future. Pay within the salary range will be based on factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs.

Apply today and Build What's Next!

If you live in a city, chances are we will give you a lift or play a role in keeping you moving every day.

Otis is the world’s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation, and service company. We move 2.4 billion people every day and maintain approximately 2.4 million customer units worldwide, the industry's largest Service portfolio.

You may recognize our products in some of the world’s most famous landmarks including the Eiffel Tower, Empire State Building, Burj Khalifa and the Petronas Twin Towers! We are 72,000 people strong, including engineers, digital technology experts, sales, and functional specialists, as well as factory and field technicians, all committed to meeting the diverse needs of our customers and passengers in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. We are proud to be a diverse, global team with a proven legacy of innovation that continues to be the bedrock of a fast-moving, high-performance company.

When you join Otis, you become part of an innovative global industry leader with a resilient business model. You’ll belong to a diverse, trusted, and caring community where your contributions, and the skills and capabilities you’ll gain working alongside the best and brightest, keep us connected and on the cutting edge. 

We provide opportunities, training, and resources, that build leadership and capabilities in Sales, Field, Engineering and Major Projects and our Employee Scholar Program is a notable point of pride, through which Otis sponsors colleagues to pursue degrees or certification programs.

Today, our focus more than ever is on people. As a global, people-powered company, we put people – passengers, customers, and colleagues – at the center of everything we do. We are guided by our values that we call our Three Absolutes – prioritizing Safety, Ethics, Quality in all that we do. If you would like to learn more about environmental, social and governance (ESG) at Otis click here .

Become a part of the Otis team and help us #Buildwhatsnext!

Otis is An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age, or any other protected class according to applicable law. To request an accommodation in completing an employment application due to a special need or a disability, please contact us at careers@otis.com.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms