Job Description Summary
This University Student Co-Op role will be a key contributor within the Product Management function supporting the Pivot to Value (P2V) Value Engineering team. The Co-Op will support strategic initiatives focused on improving safety, quality, delivery, cost, and capacity across GE Vernova's Gas Turbine Combustion portfolio.

Job Description

What you'll do:

Working alongside Product Managers, Value Engineers, Manufacturing Leaders, Field Services teams, and Senior Engineers, the Co-Op will participate in projects that drive value optimization, manufacturing improvements, field execution excellence, cost reduction, and capacity expansion. This role provides an opportunity to gain hands-on experience supporting both combustion manufacturing operations and field implementation projects while learning how engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, and commercial teams collaborate to deliver customer value.
Value Engineering is a practice focused on identifying and implementing solutions that optimize product value through improved design, manufacturing efficiency, cost reduction, quality enhancement, and capacity growth. The Co-Op will support these efforts through project coordination, cost analysis, data management, and engineering support activities.

Qualifications/Requirements:

•
Must be enrolled in a full-time undergraduate or graduate program in an discipline as listed below.

•
Following majors accepted: Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Industrial Engineering and related majors will be considered.

Desired Qualifications:

•
Minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA (without rounding).

The pay range for this position is $1,000-$2,000 USD weekly. The specific pay offered may be influenced by a variety of factors, including the candidate’s experience, education, and skill set.

For candidates applying to a U.S. based position only:

This posting is expected to remain open for at least seven days after it was posted on September 8, 2026.

Relocation Assistance: Co -op/Interns will be reimbursed for reasonable, proper, and documented expenditures incurred while initially reporting to work and returning to school/home

GE Vernova offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE Vernova will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

Relocation Assistance Provided: Yes

For candidates applying to a U.S. based position only:

This posting is expected to remain open for at least seven days after it was posted on September 08, 2026.

U.S. Internship roles are ineligible for GE Vernova benefits.