Power that runs the world | Discover careers in Operations

Operations roles at Amazon put you at the center of how things move from a click to a doorstep. You'll help design, improve, and run systems that connect people, products, and places at scale. You'll take ownership early, work closely with teams to solve real-world challenges, and see the direct results of your decisions as they reach customers every day. Here, the impact of what you build isn't abstract, it's visible, immediate, and meaningful - keeping one of the world's most complex operations moving forward. This is where your journey takes shape through action, responsibility, and the opportunity to grow in many directions.

IMPORTANT NOTE: This role is based out of our corporate office in Bellevue, WA. Applicants must be able to work on-site at our Bellevue, WA office during the spring semester and be available for travel during summer months. During summer months, travel to Amazon fulfillment centers under construction and corporate offices around the US is required.

The Business Strategy & Execution Operations Engineering Internship is an on-site part-time internship (20 hours a week) during the Spring 2027 academic season (February 2027 - May/June 2027) based in our Bellevue, WA corporate office.

Upon school release for Summer 2026 (May/June 2027 - July/August 2027) this position shifts to a 12-week internship "full-time" (40 hours/week) with travel opportunities to fulfillment centers under construction and corporate offices across the United States.

This is a hybrid corporate and field position, combining strategic business work in our corporate office environment with hands-on operations engineering support at fulfillment centers, sort centers, delivery stations, and construction/job trailer environments.

Amazon is searching for innovative and solutions-oriented Business Strategy & Execution Operations Engineering Interns to be a part of our North America initiative to develop and deliver next generation, world-class fulfillment systems while building strategic frameworks that drive operational excellence. What is fulfillment you ask? Fulfillment is how we refer to completing or fulfilling a customer's Amazon.com order and the acts of picking, packing, shipping, sorting and delivering their order to meet or exceed their expectations!

Our Business Strategy & Execution Operations Engineers have the ability to quickly strategize, plan and execute solutions to complex business challenges while building scalable mechanisms that drive standardization, operational efficiency and organizational success. They are comfortable in ambiguous, fast-moving environments, using strategic insight and influence to align cross-functional teams and drive coordinated execution across the network. Guided by curiosity, customer obsession, and innovation, they transform ideas into mechanisms that enable NA Operations Engineering’s most advanced business operations.

Key job responsibilities
Drive resolution for strategic business projects by owning and deep diving data to support process improvement recommendations and organizational frameworks.

Build standard operating procedures for teams to follow, ensuring scalable and repeatable business processes.

Develop business plans that help the organization run more smoothly and efficiently during peak operational periods

Support Operations Engineers in the field manage, test and implement integrated automation projects with elements such as high-speed sortation, multiple conveyors, package lines, and/or robotic work cells

Guide and coordinate design and execution efforts between internal teams and outside vendors including equipment specifications, material flow, process design, and site layout

Coordinate with local site management to ensure proper operator training, procedural compliance, maintenance and safety practices are followed for new and existing equipment

Manage and streamline administrative operations support, including project tracking systems coordination, documentation management, and identifying opportunities to automate routine administrative processes to improve operational efficiency

A day in the life
Work 12-hour shifts on feet (when supporting field operations)

Cover extensive distances in large warehouse facilities

Use ladders, stairs, and gangways safely
Lift/move totes up to 49 lbs

Perform frequent bending, stretching, and reaching motions

Travel to various locations across the United States during summer months

Basic qualifications
- Are 18 years of age or older
- Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program with all requirements anticipated to be completed between December 2027 and August 2028.
- Able to work on-site at Amazon's Bellevue, WA corporate office
- Available to work part-time (20 hours/week) during Spring 2026 semester (February 2027 - May/June 2027) from our Bellevue, WA office
- Available to transition to full-time (40 hours/week) for a 12-week period during Summer 2027 (May/June 2027 - July/August 2027)
- Able to travel up to 80% to fulfillment centers under construction and corporate offices across the United States during summer months
- Pursuing a Bachelor's degree or above in Industrial, Mechanical, Civil Engineering or other related engineering discipline

Preferred qualifications
- Experience with hands-on project execution in construction or operations environments
- Experience with standard work development and process documentation
- Strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.

The starting pay for this position is listed below. Starting Day 1 of employment, Amazon offers EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, 401(k) matching. Learn more about our benefits at https://hiring.amazon.com/why-amazon/benefits .

Bellevue, WA, USA - 80,200.00 USD Annually