Date Posted:
2026-09-22&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-MN-BURNSVILLE-WEST ~ 14300 Judicial Rd ~ WEST BLDG&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
This job requires a U.S. Person. A U.S. Person is a lawful permanent resident as defined in 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20) or who is a protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, U.S. permanent residents, or individuals granted refugee or asylee status in the U.S. are considered U.S. persons. For a complete definition of “U.S. Person” go here: https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-22/chapter-I/subchapter-M/part-120/subpart-C/section-120.62&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

What You Will Do:

•
Collaborate with the software engineering team to design, develop, and implement software solutions using C# or VB.Net programming languages.

•
Assist in building and maintaining web-based applications using technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and Razor.

•
Utilize Integrated Development Environments (e.g., MS Visual Studio or VS Code) to write, debug, and test code for small to medium-scale software projects.

•
Contribute to database integration and management using SQL and .NET frameworks, while leveraging source control frameworks like Git.

•
Apply and refine software development best practices, including implementing MVVM or MVC design patterns and working with tools like XAML or Ignition.

Qualifications You Must Have:

•
Must be pursuing Bachelor's or Advanced degree in Computer Science or related Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics (STEM) major and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

•
Experience with C# or Java programming languages.

•
Experience with one or more of the following areas: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and Razor.

•
Experience with Integrated Development Environments such as MS Visual Studio and VS Code.

Experience may be obtained through on‑the‑job experience, research, coursework, or projects.

Qualifications We Prefer:

•
Experience with implementing best practices of software development on small to medium scale projects.

•
Experience with SQL, .NET, Git or other source of control framework, MVVM or MVC frameworks, XAML, Ignition

What We Offer

•
Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Safety, Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please ensure the role type defined below is appropriate for your needs before applying to this role. This position is classified as:

Onsite: Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms