By submitting your resume, you acknowledge that your Hardware Engineering internship application will be processed in accordance with NVIDIA’s Applicant Privacy Policy and you agree to our Terms of Service . We’ll review resumes on an ongoing basis, and a recruiter may reach out if your experience fits one of our many internship opportunities.

NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and digital twins is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society — from gaming to robotics, self-driving cars to life-saving healthcare, climate change to virtual worlds where we can all connect and create. Our internships offer an excellent opportunity to expand your career and get hands on experience with one of our industry leading Hardware teams. We’re seeking strategic, ambitious, hard-working, and creative individuals who are passionate about helping us tackle challenges no one else can solve.

Throughout the 12-week full-time internship, students will work on projects that have a measurable impact on our business. We’re looking for students pursuing a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. degree within a relevant or related field.

Potential Internships in this field include:

System Validation

• These teams are responsible for system validation and post-production activities for datacenter server products, such as HGX baseboards, DGX Servers or DGX Workstations. You will need to maintain a close relationship with all members of the Architecture, Hardware and Software Design teams to ensure rigorous testing and debugging of all new features and changes made during product development.

Hardware Design

• With strong backgrounds in electrical engineering and a curiosity about hardware product design, Hardware Design Interns work with a close-knit, multi-disciplinary team, enjoying hands-on work, with cutting-edge visual computing platforms. Primary responsibilities may include Hardware Testing, Debugging, and Validation of new products to ensure they meet performance, functional, and quality objectives.

Mechanical Engineering

• This team helps craft and test new NVIDIA products. You will be part of a multi-functional team researching and developing new concepts and materials for our next generation of products. You must demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and a strong academic background in Mechanical Engineering.

Silicon Solutions

• As a part of the Silicon Solutions Engineering Team, you will be responsible for productizing NVIDIA’s chips into groundbreaking consumer, professional, server, mobile, and automotive solutions.

What we need to see:

• Must be actively enrolled in a university pursuing a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a related field, for the full duration of the internship; anticipated graduation date ( month and year ) must be clearly indicated on a resume or CV to be considered.

• Depending on the internship role, prior experience or knowledge requirements could include the following programming skills and technologies: Verilog, SystemVerilog, VHDL, Perl, Python, TCL, Board-Level Design, PCB, Datacenter Systems, Linux, CAD Software (i.e. Solidworks, ProE, Creo, Catia, Unigraphics, etc.), MATLAB, MOSFETs, Lab Tools (Oscilloscope, Multimeter, Logic Analyzer)

Click here to learn more about NVIDIA, our early talent programs, benefits offered to students and other helpful student resources related to our latest technologies and endeavors.

Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD.&#xa;

You will also be eligible for Intern benefits . ​

Applications are accepted on an ongoing basis.

This posting is for an existing vacancy.

NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes.

NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.