RELOCATION ASSISTANCE: Relocation assistance may be available

CLEARANCE REQUIRED FOR START: No

CLEARANCE TYPE: None

TRAVEL: No
Description

At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.

Your opportunities for achievement are limitless with Northrop Grumman Space Systems. An internship at Northrop Grumman is unique. Sure, you’ll learn new skills, explore our enterprise, network with experts, connect with thought leaders, and finish with a resume that opens doors. But you’ll gain something even more valuable: pride in what you’ve done. Join us and launch your career. We’ll support you with training, and our shared vision of global security. Northrop Grumman is seeking Electronics Engineers to join the Space Intern Program.

This position will be located in Rolling Meadows, IL.

You could support and/or be responsible for design, analysis, or testing of space payloads, mixed-signal electronics, and electronics subcomponents. Responsibilities could include printed circuit design, simulation and analysis; acceptance and design verification testing; and data analysis.

Basic Qualifications

A candidate must meet ALL of the below criteria. The candidate must:

• Be a student who is enrolled full-time and pursuing a bachelor’s/master's degree or higher from an accredited college/university and will be enrolled full time in Fall 2027

• Be majoring in or having majored Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.

• Be available to work full-time on-site (40 hours per week) for at least 10 weeks during summer 2027

• Be a U.S. citizen

Preferred Qualifications:

• Have an overall cumulative GPA of 3.7 out of 4.0 or higher

• Previous internship/co-op experience, leadership & teamwork capabilities, interpersonal communication skills, and activities (professional/community/extracurricular).

Intern Pay Range- Rolling Meadows, IL:

Bachelor’s: $25.50 - $31.00

Master’s: $36.25 - $38.00

#campusjobs
The application period for the job is estimated to be 20 days from the job posting date. However, this timeline may be shortened or extended depending on business needs and the availability of qualified candidates.

Northrop Grumman is an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO and pay transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for all positions with a government clearance and certain other restricted positions.