Description Are you interested in applying and expanding your knowledge to the development of electromagnetic sensors to support special operations and intelligence communities? Do you have a passion for using your skills to design, build, and test systems with immediate real-world applications? If you are pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD in fields related to Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Electromagnetics or Physics, and are interested in tackling complex problems you may be a good fit for our team! We are seeking talented individuals in any of the previously mentioned fields to help us design systems to address the nation’s immediate needs within the intelligence community. As a team that develops these entire systems from end-to-end, we have a range of technical focuses that need support. These range from the hardware (circuit design, FPGA work, and embedded development), to the software (web/linux/android development as well as GPU optimization) and even to data analytics. As an Engineering Intern in the Signals Exploitation Systems Group, you may: Support the development of new algorithmic possibilities by assisting in the brainstorming, prototyping, implementation, and/or optimization. Assist in the development of portable communication devices and miniature wireless systems through board-level circuit design and integration of analog/RF and high-speed digital components, commercially available chipsets, and embedded processors. Work with a small team of developers to design, implement, and test software solutions for advanced RF exploitation and communication applications. Support evaluation, testing, and debugging of prototype and deliverable devices through lab and field testing. Contribute to design reviews, system integration, technical reports and informal memoranda, and presentation of work to sponsors and the technical community. Qualifications You will meet our minimum requirements if you: Are pursuing a Bachelors, Masters or PhD in fields related to Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Electromagnetics or Physics. Have a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Have experience developing applications using at least one of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, Python, Matlab. Are passionate about and capable of learning new technologies and test methods. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You will go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you have any of the following: Experience with or knowledge of RF hardware design and related test equipment. Knowledge of RF waveform analysis. Knowledge of Digital Signal processing. Experience with FPGA design. Exposure to Web/Android development. Willingness to work on quick-reaction projects with a short turn-around time. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly