Date Posted:
2026-09-18&#xa;&#xa;
Country:
United States of America&#xa;&#xa;
Location:
US-IA-CEDAR RAPIDS-130 ~ 5350 C Ave NE ~ BLDG 130&#xa;&#xa;
Position Role Type:
Onsite&#xa;&#xa;
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract.&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Type:
None/Not Required&#xa;&#xa;
Security Clearance Status:
Not Required

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

At RTX, the world's largest aerospace and defense company, 185,000 great minds are united by purpose and inspired to make a difference solving the world’s most complex problems. With our three market leading businesses, world-class operations and investments in research and development, we offer capabilities and opportunity no one else can. Together, we push the boundaries of known science and find new ways to connect and protect our world.

Collins Aerospace is a leader in technologically advanced, intelligent solutions that help redefine the aerospace and defense industry. With a comprehensive portfolio and deep technical expertise, we help customers meet the demands of the global market. Join us and help shape the future of aerospace and defense.

The Digital Hardware Design Engineer will collaborate closely with cross-functional partners, including Systems, Software, Mechanical, Environmental Effects, and Manufacturing/Operations teams, to ensure all product requirements are successfully achieved. Competence in high-speed digital circuit board design, testability, and thermal management is essential.

What You Will Do:

As a Digital Hardware Design Engineer Summer and Fall Co-op at Collins Aerospace/RTX, you will…

• Design, analyze, simulate and test Circuit Card Assemblies for Avionics Computers (Processors, FPGAs, Memory, high-speed interfaces).

• Operate lab equipment to perform integration testing on hardware designs.

• Schematic capture of digital/analog mixed signal electrical circuit designs.

Qualifications You Must Have:

• Must be pursuing Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Electrical Engineering and actively enrolled through the completion of the internship/co-op session.

• Must have a minimum of 60 hours of credit by the start of the internship / co-op session.

• Familiarity with the development and design of electronic circuit designs, and/or multi-assembly system/unit design.

“Experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects.”

Qualifications We Prefer:

• Capable of effectively collaborating with team members and independently managing assigned tasks.

• Familiarity with taking design concepts from block diagrams or requirements to developing complete hardware designs, including verification through testing and integration.

• Experience with design tools (schematic capture) and PCB design process to analyze and simulate designs prior to hardware implementation.

• Experience using PCB electronic circuit design software: signal integrity, power integrity and analog simulation.

What We Offer:

• Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

• Relocation Eligibility

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

Onsite: Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products.

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms