Description Are you passionate about using technology to solve technical challenges? Do you have an interest in learning how to develop software for new warfighter capabilities? If you are pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or Electrical Engineering and want to build software solutions to challenging national security problems, we’d love to have you join our close-knit prototyping team! We are seeking an intern to join our Tactical System Prototyping and Deployment group to build capabilities that enable warfighters to harness a wide-ranging set of sensors and data sources to accomplish a variety of missions that are important to the defense of our nation. Our team is committed to working directly with warfighters to craft solutions from concept to operational use. We strive to foster an environment that is highly collaborative and supportive, but also encourages autonomy. Our team values are putting the warfighter and their missions first, accepting that you might not get it right the first time, but being resolved to see it through, and being dedicated to making real impact. As a member of our team ... Your primary responsibility will be to perform software implementation of proof-of-concept prototypes incorporating several engineering fields: graphical user interfaces, signal/video processing, pattern recognition, real-time computing, applied mathematics, network/web services, and visualization. You will also contribute to concepts to solve unaddressed, critical military operational shortfalls as a member of an established team that has fielded numerous highly regarded capabilities. Our current projects focus on improving the exploitation of airborne and ground based sensor data through object tracking, multi-sensor correlation, data management, and operational data display as well as on intelligent networks, resilient autonomy, and non-kinetic warfare integration. You will have the potential to support prototype evaluation and experimental operations at military facilities depending on your interest and deployment schedules. Qualifications You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you... Are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, or similar degrees with a minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale . Completed coursework involving software development, particularly in the areas of object oriented programming, data structures, signal processing, data visualization, or user interfaces. Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain Secret level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Have knowledge of C++, Java, or Typescript in a Linux/Unix environment. About Us Why Work at APL? The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation’s most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences of perspectives and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL’s campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at https://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, occupation, marital or familial status, political opinion, personal appearance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. APL is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals of all abilities, including those with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in any part of the hiring process, please contact Accessibility@jhuapl.edu. The referenced pay range is based on JHU APL’s good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level with consideration for internal parity. For salaried employees scheduled to work less than 40 hours per week, annual salary will be prorated based on the number of hours worked. APL may offer bonuses or other forms of compensation per internal policy and/or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be provided in the form of a sign-on bonus, relocation benefits, locality allowance or discretionary payments for exceptional performance. APL provides eligible staff with a comprehensive benefits package including retirement plans, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, education assistance, and training and development. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Minimum Rate $22.60 Hourly Maximum Rate $47.95 Hourly