Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. Responsibilities The intern candidate will be part of the VNA R&D HW hardware team. The responsibilities will cover participating in RF/uW or digital hardware designs of sub-systems and circuits for products in PNA family. There will be exciting opportunities to contribute in various areas of electrical engineering. Qualifications Required Enrolled in a B.S., M.S. or Ph.D. degree program in Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field Basic knowledge of RF electronics, signal processing, and measurements Ability to learn the technologies in modern communication systems and test equipment Effective written and verbal communication skills Excellent teamwork Ability to work across organizations and with other teams Additional desired skills Experience in design and troubleshooting for digital and analog circuits Extensive background in mathematics and algorithms Experience in at least one programming language such as C++, C#, or Python Experience in the use of oscilloscopes, network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, and signal generators Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Candidates who now or at any point in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B Visa status) may not be considered. MIN $ 32.03 - MAX $ 51.43 Keysight Technologies Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other protected categories under all applicable laws. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***