Job Title:
Summer 2027 Intern - Service Quality

Summary:
As a Service Quality Intern at Momentive's Waterford, NY site, you will use AI-driven analytics and data-based problem-solving to help improve customer service performance and reduce customer complaints. Working with quality, logistics, and customer-facing teams, you will analyze complaint data across severity, business impact, customer segments, transportation lanes, logistics providers, and root causes to identify the highest-impact improvement opportunities. Your work will help define targeted action plans that support Momentive's goal of significantly reducing customer complaints while focusing resources where they will deliver the greatest results. Students pursuing degrees in Mathematics, Statistics, Logistics, Supply Chain, Data Analytics, or related fields, particularly those with coursework in statistical analysis, process improvement, or data modeling, will be well-positioned to excel in this role.

Responsibilities Include:

Leverage existing data to uncover trends, identify root causes, and recommend targeted improvement actions that drive measurable reductions in customer complaints.

Qualifications:

The following are required for the role

•
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, logistics, or statistics

•
Coursework in statistics, data analytics, supply chain/logistics, operations research, or process improvement is preferred.

Program Qualifications:

•
The candidate must be actively enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program at the time of application and for at least one semester following the conclusion of the internship.

•
The candidate is expected to be available 40 hours a week for a period of 10-12 weeks between the months of May and August.

What We Offer:
Base Pay Range: $22.00 - $26.00

The base salary offered is determined by factors including but not limited to education, experience, skill sets, and geography. If you are interested in this position, we’d ask that you apply! #BePartoftheSolution

A t Momentive, we value your well-being and offer competitive total rewards and development programs. Our inclusive culture fosters a strong sense of belonging and provides diverse career opportunities to help you unleash your full potential. Together, through innovative problem-solving and collaboration, we strive to create sustainable solutions that make a meaningful impact. Join our Momentive team to open a bright future.

Refer to the Hiring Process tab on our Careers page for a detailed description on the physical job requirements.

About Us:

Momentive is a premier global advanced materials company with a cutting-edge focus on silicones and specialty products. We deliver solutions designed to help propel our customer’s products forward—products that have a profound impact on all aspects of life, around the clock and from living rooms to outer space. With every innovation, Momentive creates a more sustainable future. Our vast product portfolio is made up of advanced silicones and specialty solutions that play an essential role in driving performance

across a multitude of industries, including agriculture, automotive, aerospace, electronics, energy, healthcare, personal care, consumer products, building and construction, and more.

Momentive believes a diverse workforce empowers our people, strengthens our business, and contributes to a sustainable world. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer . Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any characteristic protected by law.

To be considered for this position candidates are required to submit an application for employment and be of legal working age as defined by local law . An offer may be conditioned upon the successful completion of pre-employment conditions, as applicable, and subject to applicable laws and regulations .

Note to third parties: Momentive is not seeking or accepting any unsolicited assistance from search and selection firms or employment agencies at this time.