Overview Keysight is at the forefront of technology innovation, delivering breakthroughs and trusted insights in electronic design, simulation, prototyping, test, manufacturing, and optimization. Our ~16,800 employees create world-class solutions in communications, 5G, automotive, energy, quantum, aerospace, defense, and semiconductor markets for customers in over 100 countries. Learn more about what we do. Our award-winning culture embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions. We believe that when people feel a sense of belonging, they can be more creative, innovative, and thrive at all points in their careers. In this role, you will evolve the Keysight Network Visibility (NVS) product line to support Service Provider features and newer technologies (e.g. 5G, 6G core network 3GPP standards). The NVS products allow our customers to tap, aggregate, filter, sample, and perform many other functions on network traffic for monitoring and analysis. Keysight’s network packet broker provides multiple applications: MobileStack – monitoring of customer traffic from a mobile user/session perspective (e.g. GTP, SIP/RTP) AppStack – monitoring of customer traffic from an application perspective (i.e. L4-L7) SecureStack – providing secure encryption/decryption for TLS1.3 (Active SSL) TradeVision – stock trading monitoring and analysis tool PacketStack – standard packet broker features such as aggregation, deduplication, masking, etc. NetStack – port tagging and VLAN stripping KVO – Keysight Vision Orchestrator – manages all the products and applications The focus of this job will be on mobility related functionality for the Service Providers, such as control plane/user plane correlation, meta data and orchestration. This includes virtualization of products and machine learning applications. Our MobileStack application tracks mobile users and sessions, sending the associated control and user plane data to specific network monitoring tools (i.e. probes) for analysis. In addition, the application load balances across probes and provides sampling, filtering, and VIP allow listing functionalities. This allows our customers to manage their probe bandwidth by looking at a subset of the overall network traffic, in addition to being able to troubleshoot specific quality of service issues. As network traffic continues to increase each year, our customers need solutions to monitor their network traffic more efficiently and cost effectively. Responsibilities Design, prototype and iterate on creative concepts to meet our user mobility requirements. Implement core network related protocol parsers and logic to provide filtering and sampling on mobile network parameters. Virtualize functions. Develop proof of concept applications for trialing with customers. Identifying methods for correlating user traffic to specific probes and patent methods. Participate in definition of new software product features and software. Rapidly solve problems and fix bugs. Participate in design and code reviews. Develop unit tests and perform feature/integration testing. Provide input and help resolve customer escalations for product issues. Use testing equipment (IxNetwork/IxLoad) or other popular traffic tools for traffic generation and protocol simulation. Collaborate closely with peers, including QA engineers and software developers in a distributed environment (US, Romania). Contribute new ideas and methods to continuously improve product quality and development efficiency. Qualifications Working towards completing a BS in computer science or related discipline. Coding in C++. Familiar with GIT. Strong debugging methodology. Familiarity with some type of protocol development helpful (wireless protocols, security protocols, Wireshark, etc.) is a plus. Exposure to telecom, service providers, communications a big plus. Extremely good English verbal communications skills and a desire for strong team collaboration. Experience with virtualization and microservice development (e.g. PODs, Kubernetes, Docker containers, Redis database) is a plus. Over and above, a commitment to your own quality work and a strong desire to help the entire team to succeed. Careers Privacy Statement***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***