About Marvell

Marvell’s semiconductor solutions are the essential building blocks of the data infrastructure that connects our world. Across enterprise, cloud and AI, and carrier architectures, our innovative technology is enabling new possibilities.

At Marvell, you can affect the arc of individual lives, lift the trajectory of entire industries, and fuel the transformative potential of tomorrow. For those looking to make their mark on purposeful and enduring innovation, above and beyond fleeting trends, Marvell is a place to thrive, learn, and lead.

Your Team, Your Impact

As an Analog IC Design Engineer with Marvell, you’ll be a member of the Central Engineering business group. If you picture Marvell as a wheel, Central Engineering is the center hub providing IP to be used by all the other spokes on that wheel, including Automotive, Storage, Security, and Networking. You’ll be part of a small analog team making a big impact on this organization. Additionally, Marvell has the perfect size and scale for you to learn several aspects of engineering that will be new to you, but also have the time and freedom to dive deep into the details of your specialization on most projects.

What You Can Expect
In this (hybrid/remote/in-office) role in LOCATION, you’ll build transistor level circuits from scratch or be given existing blocks to improve or port. Using a variety of CAD tools, but primarily Cadence, you will build or improve your circuit, simulate different performance metrics and measure other parameters. You’ll do circuit analysis and if your circuit looks good, you’ll send it to layout for physical design. Once it’s created, you get it back, run simulations and tests, and continue iterating until the circuit performs precisely as you need it to.

You’ll attend weekly meetings with your team to discuss your projects at a high level. If any issues arise, the team may take a more focused look at the problem to work out a solution. You’ll also attend meetings with senior designers and managers to review your work at a detailed level. On this team, you’ll have the opportunity to see your designs go from an idea all the way through production and into use by other groups at Marvell.

What We're Looking For
Approved Intern for 2027 Calendar Year

Expected Base Pay Range (USD)
38 - 76, $ per hour.

The successful candidate’s starting base pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location and market conditions. The expected base pay range for this role may be modified based on market conditions.

&#xa;&#xa;
Additional Compensation and Benefit Elements
Marvell is committed to providing exceptional, comprehensive benefits that support our employees at every stage - from internship to retirement and through life’s most important moments. Our offerings are built around four key pillars: financial well-being, family support, mental and physical health, and recognition. Highlights for our interns: medical, dental, and vision coverage, perks and discounts, robust mental health resources to prioritize emotional well-being, and paid holidays. Additional compensation may be available for intern PhD candidates. We look forward to sharing more with you during the interview process.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

Any applicant who requires a reasonable accommodation during the selection process should contact Marvell HR Helpdesk at TAOps@marvell.com .

Interview Integrity

To support fair and authentic hiring practices, candidates are not permitted to use AI tools (such as transcription apps, real-time answer generators like ChatGPT or Copilot, or automated note-taking bots) during interviews.

These tools must not be used to record, assist with, or enhance responses in any way. Our interviews are designed to evaluate your individual experience, thought process, and communication skills in real time. Use of AI tools without prior instruction from the interviewer will result in disqualification from the hiring process.

This position may require access to technology and/or software subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). As such, applicants must be eligible to access export-controlled information as defined under applicable law. Marvell may be required to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce and/or the U.S. Department of State. Except for U.S. citizens, lawful permanent residents, or protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), all applicants may be subject to an export license review process prior to employment.

#LI-SC1