Job Details:

Job Description:

Position Description
A co-op term with Intel of Canada is a challenging but rewarding experience, allowing you to gain knowledge and experience in integrated circuit design and test, from custom design modules to developing SoCs. As a member of our team, you will work alongside experienced engineers to solve new and interesting problems, making an important contribution to our exciting custom silicon solutions.
System Simulation Engineering CO-OP

Join a collaborative and innovative team of engineers in creating an executable software model that simulates IP and SOC hardware to enable architectural exploration as well as pre-silicon firmware development and validation. Gain real world exposure to complex development and debug challenges while working on a wide range of tasks including model design, implementation, and testing, as well as infrastructure development and customer support. Learn about and use both industry-standard and emerging technology, tools, and processes.
We are looking for enthusiastic students with strong problem-solving abilities, excellent communication skills, and a desire to learn. Having a good general knowledge of embedded systems, digital ASIC design, and software/firmware development and testing methodology is an asset.

Qualifications:

Qualifications
You must possess the below minimum education requirements and minimum required qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Relevant experience can be obtained through schoolwork, classes, project work, internships, and/or military experience. Additional preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates.

Remote with occasional face to face meeting in the Vancouver area.

This position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship.

Minimum Qualifications

• Must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related field and 3+ months of experience in:

• Knowledge of object-oriented design methodologies

• Experience with programming languages, such as C/C++

Preferred Qualifications

• Embedded software development experience (ARM, RISC-V, x86)

• Scripting experience in Python, TCL, or other language

• Excellent written and verbal communication skills

The final job assignment will be based on available projects during the work term and on the skills and interests of the student. This position is for undergraduate co-op students. We encourage students with relevant work experience (other co-op terms, work experience) to apply.

Job Type:
Student / Intern

Shift:
Shift 1 (Canada)

Primary Location:
Virtual Canada

Additional Locations:

Posting Statement:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.

Position of Trust
N/A

Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in Canada

Salary range dependent on a number of factors including location and experience.

Work Model for this Role
This role is available as a fully home-based and generally would require you to attend Intel sites only occasionally based on business need. However, you must live and work from the country specified in the job posting, in which Intel has a legal presence. Due to legal regulations, remote work from any other country is unfortunately not permitted. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change.
Canada Accommodation:

Intel is committed to a culture of accessibility. Intel provides accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Find information and request accommodation here .

*

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter.