What You'll Do Principal Asset Management is hiring a Private Infrastructure Debt Intern for Summer 2027! You will develop a deep understanding of infrastructure private credit across sectors including transportation, digital infrastructure, social infrastructure, power and energy, energy transition and utilities, among others. The team has a growth mindset that believes in developing the talents of all our employees. We welcome fresh perspectives and are looking for someone with the skills, work ethic, and positive attitude to join us this summer! What You'll Do Support in the analysis and assessment of infrastructure debt investment opportunities Develop historical and projected financial models, analyze key financial metrics, legal analysis and conduct industry research to support investments Independently conduct fundamental sector research Support the team in conducting market research and financial modeling Participate in the preparation of investment reports and presentations Monitor and report on the performance of existing investments Engage in team meetings and contribute to project discussions Support the team in identifying opportunities to enhance processes through automation, data analytics, and emerging AI tools to improve efficiency and decision-making Principal Asset Management, a subsidiary of Principal Financial group, offers global asset management expertise across a diverse set of traditional and alternative asset classes. Our mission, integrity, and customer focus have made us a trusted leader for more than 140 years! Check us out at www.principalam.com. Who You Are Who You Are Currently pursuing a bachelor's degree in a technical field (ie, finance, accounting, economics, statistics, engineering, data science, business analytics) Advanced Excel experience Demonstrated capability to function autonomously and within a group setting Ambitious attitude with a keen interest in finance and infrastructure investments Outstanding attention to detail and organizational skills Graduation date of Spring or Fall of 2028 Salary Range Information Salary ranges below reflect targeted base salaries. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation for all roles will be based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Salary Range (Non-Exempt expressed as hourly; Exempt expressed as yearly) $40 - $40 / hour Time Off Program Paid company holidays and any time off required in your state. Pension Eligible No Our Internship Culture Join an established program that provides hands-on experiences for 200+ interns each year! You'll learn new skills with dedicated teams and mentors, build your professional network and collaborate across a global Fortune 500 company. We care about offering you diverse experiences and exciting challenges that push you to reach for bigger life goals, all while enjoying our flexibility and work life balance. Join us for events such as our Executive Speaker Series, gain career direction, and much more! https://www.principal.com/about-us/careers/internships Internship Stipend You will receive a lump sum stipend of $4,000. This amount is intended to support incidental expenses you may incur as part of your internship. The Company will provide a tax gross-up on this stipend as a financial benefit, but is not intended to compensate for all tax liabilities. Location(s) This internship will be located at our New York City office. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we're not considering applicants that need any type of immigration sponsorship (additional work authorization or permanent work authorization) now or in the future to work in the United States. This includes, but IS NOT LIMITED TO: F1-OPT, F1-CPT, H-1B, TN, L-1, J-1, etc. For additional information around work authorization needs please use the following links. Nonimmigrant Workers and Green Card for Employment-Based Immigrants Investment Code of Ethics For Principal Asset Management positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization. Experience Principal At Principal, we value connecting on both a personal and professional level. Together, we’re imagining a more purpose-led future for financial services – and that starts with you. Our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our interns. Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Posting Window We will accept applications for 3 full days following the Original Posting Date, after which the posting may remain open or be removed based upon applications received. If we choose to post the job again, we will accept additional applications for at least 1 full day following the Most Recently Posted Date. Please submit applications in a timely manner as there is no guarantee the posting will be available beyond the applicable deadline. Original Posting Date 9/23/2026 Most Recently Posted Date 9/23/2026 Principal uses artificial intelligence tools to assist in reviewing and evaluating job applications, fraud prevention, and candidate matching and comparisons. These AI tools support our human recruiters in the initial review process but do not make final hiring decisions without human involvement. By submitting your application, you acknowledge this use of AI in our recruitment process. Please review our Workforce (U.S.) Privacy Notice for more details on our practices and your data privacy rights.